Tom 's
Tom 's a creature of habit ,
Tom 's a creature of habit , and does pretty much the same things every day .
Tom 's a keen hiker
Tom 's a keen hiker and bird~watcher .
Tom 's and Mary 's marriage began to fall apart .
Tom 's cellphone rang
Tom 's cellphone rang and he answered it .
Tom 's eyes are red ,
Tom 's eyes are red , and he looks very tired .
Tom 's father is taking Tom
Tom 's father is taking Tom and me skiing next weekend .
Tom 's father sold his Buick
Tom 's father sold his Buick and bought a Cadillac .
Tom 's first wife fleeced him ,
Tom 's first wife fleeced him , and he was broke when he met Mary .
Tom 's fuming again today - the slightest word
Tom 's fuming again today - the slightest word and he blows his top .
Tom 's grandmother is quite feeble
Tom 's grandmother is quite feeble and needs help with her daily activities .
Tom 's jokes are hilarious
Tom 's jokes are hilarious and get even better after he 's had a few beers .
Tom 's mind was divided into ten different personalities , who alternately took control . They all knew each~other
Tom 's mind was divided into ten different personalities , who alternately took control . They all knew each~other and considered themselves different individuals .
Tom 's new in town
Tom 's new in town and needs a job .
Tom 's parents do n't want Tom
Tom 's parents do n't want Tom and Mary to live together until after they are married .
Tom 's pillow is pink
Tom 's pillow is pink and has a picture of a fairy on it .
Tom 's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade
Tom 's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people do n't like that .
Tom 's third marriage was un happy
Tom 's third marriage was un happy and he was considering yet another divorce .
Tom , Mary
Tom , Mary , John
Tom , Mary , John and Alice were seated around the table .
Tom , Mary and John are all here .
Tom , Mary and John are sitting around the table .
Tom , Mary and John shared the cost of the party .
Tom , Mary and John spent Saturday practicing for the talent show .
Tom , Mary and John were playing tag on the playground .
Tom , come here
Tom , come here and sit with me .
Tom abandoned his wife
Tom abandoned his wife and children .
Tom absconded with millions of dollars from his company
Tom absconded with millions of dollars from his company and is living a life of luxury on an island in the Mediterranean .
Tom accidentally ate some poison .
Tom accidentally ate some rat destructivenes .
Tom accidentally ate some rat poison .
Tom added both his
Tom added both his and Mary 's name to the list .
Tom always seems to be very busy
Tom always seems to be very busy and does n't seem to have much free time .
Tom always thought that John
Tom always thought that John and Mary were such a nice couple .
Tom always wears sunglasses
Tom always wears sunglasses and a trench coat .
Tom and I both want you to be happy .
Tom and I have some business .
Tom and I have some unfinished advertisings .
Tom and I have some unfinished agribusinesses .
Tom and I have some unfinished agricultures .
Tom and I have some unfinished buildings .
Tom and I have some unfinished business .
Tom and I have some unfinished butcheries .
Tom and I have some unfinished butcherings .
Tom and I have some unfinished commerces .
Tom and I have some unfinished commercialisms .
Tom and I have some unfinished constructions .
Tom and I have some unfinished discount businesses .
Tom and I have some unfinished employee-owned businesses .
Tom and I have some unfinished employee-owned enterprises .
Tom and I have some unfinished factory farms .
Tom and I have some unfinished fields .
Tom and I have some unfinished fields of operation .
Tom and I have some unfinished finances .
Tom and I have some unfinished fishings .
Tom and I have some unfinished industries .
Tom and I have some unfinished lines of business .
Tom and I have some unfinished manufactures .
Tom and I have some unfinished mercantilisms .
Tom and I have some unfinished packagings .
Tom and I have some unfinished printings .
Tom and I have some unfinished publications .
Tom and I have some unfinished publicizings .
Tom and I have some unfinished publishings .
Tom and I have some unfinished real-estate businesses .
Tom and I have some unfinished shippings .
Tom and I have some unfinished storages .
Tom and I have some unfinished tourisms .
Tom and I have some unfinished touristries .
Tom and I have some unfinished transportations .
Tom and I have some unfinished transports .
Tom and I have some unfinished ventures .
Tom and I planted some house .
Tom and I planted some trees on the south side of the house .
Tom and I planted some trees on the south side of the management .
Tom and Mary are both old enough to know better .
Tom and Mary are both old enough to knowing better .
Tom and Mary are up to no benefit .
Tom and Mary are up to no better .
Tom and Mary are up to no desirability .
Tom and Mary are up to no desirablenes .
Tom and Mary are up to no good .
Tom and Mary are up to no optimum .
Tom and Mary are up to no quality .
Tom and Mary are up to no soundnes .
Tom and Mary are up to no welfare .
Tom and Mary are up to no wisdom .
Tom and Mary are up to no wisenes .
Tom and Mary are up to no worthines .
Tom and Mary do n't have the time
Tom and Mary do n't have the time or the money to take a trip .
Tom arrived at 2:30
Tom arrived at 2:30 and Mary arrived a short time later .
Tom arrived at the gate
Tom arrived at the gate and rang the bell .
Tom arrived home to find that Mary had packed her things
Tom arrived home to find that Mary had packed her things and left .
Tom arrived too early
Tom arrived too early and Mary was n't ready yet .
Tom asked Mary
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions , but she refused to answer some of them .
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions , but she refused to answer some them .
Tom asked Mary and her friends for help .
Tom asked Mary if she needed some help .
Tom asked Mary if she needed some helpfulnes .
Tom asked Mary if she wanted a sandwich
Tom asked Mary if she wanted a sandwich and she said yes .
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over and watch a movie .
Tom asked Mary out on a date
Tom asked Mary out on a date and she accepted .
Tom asked Mary to bring him back some paper from the supermarket .
Tom asked Mary to bring him back some toothpaste
Tom asked Mary to bring him back some toothpaste and toilet article from the supermarket .
Tom asked Mary to bring him back some toothpaste and toilet paper from the supermarket .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some Boston brown bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some English muffin .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some Host .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some anadama bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some baked good .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bap .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some barmbrack .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bread-stick .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some breadstick .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some brown bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bun .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some caraway seed bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some challah .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some cinnamon bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some cracked-wheat bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some cracker .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some crouton .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some dark bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some flatbread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some garlic bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some gluten bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some hallah .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some light bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some loaf .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some loaf of bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some matzah .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some matzo .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some matzoh .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some naan .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some nan .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some onion bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some quick bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some raisin bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some roll .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some rye bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some salt-rising bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some simnel .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some sour bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some sourdough bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some starch .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some toast .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some unleavened bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some wafer .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some white bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some whole meal bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some whole wheat bread .
Tom asked Mary to pick up some paper at the supermarket .
Tom asked Mary to pick up some toothpaste
Tom asked Mary to pick up some toothpaste and some toilet paper at the supermarket .
Tom asked for Mary 's address
Tom asked for Mary 's address and wrote it down on a piece of scrap paper .
Tom asked if there were any marriage offers .
Tom asked if there were any marriage proposals .
Tom asked if there were any proposals .
Tom asked if there were any proposals of marriage .
Tom asked if there were any questions .
Tom asked me if I wanted some condiment on my hamburger .
Tom asked me if I wanted some ketchup on my hamburger .
Tom asked me if I was happy
Tom asked me if I was happy and I said I was .
Tom asked the same question over
Tom asked the same question over and over , but never got an answer .
Tom asked us a few questions
Tom asked us a few questions and we answered them .
Tom ate all his Indian meals in his room .
Tom ate all his cornmeals in his room .
Tom ate all his farinas in his room .
Tom ate all his food products in his room .
Tom ate all his foodstuffs in his room .
Tom ate all his kibbles in his room .
Tom ate all his matzah meals in his room .
Tom ate all his matzo meals in his room .
Tom ate all his matzoh meals in his room .
Tom ate all his meals in his room .
Tom ate all his oatmeals in his room .
Tom ate all his pea flours in his room .
Tom ate all his pinoles in his room .
Tom ate all his rolled oatss in his room .
Tom ate all meals in his room .
Tom ate one apple
Tom ate one apple and Mary ate the other .
Tom ate part of the ham ,
Tom ate part of the ham , and then put the rest into the refrigerator .
Tom ate the delicious meal
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought he must be in heaven .
Tom ate the free bread
Tom ate the free bread and then walked out of the restaurant .
Tom ate three eggs
Tom ate three eggs and a slice of toast .
Tom attended high~school for three years without missing a single day
Tom attended high~school for three years without missing a single day or ever being late .
Tom babysat John and Mary 's children yesterday evening .
Tom babysat John ø
Tom bad-mouthed Mary to all his friends
Tom bad-mouthed Mary to all his friends and family after their breakup .
Tom beat Mary black
Tom beat Mary black and blue .
Tom became tired of always having to pay the bill every time he went out with Mary .
Tom became tired of always having to pay the bill someone .
Tom became upset
Tom became upset and began to cry .
Tom began to like Mary more
Tom began to like Mary more and more .
Tom began to sing his favorite song
Tom began to sing his favorite song and Mary harmonized with him .
Tom believes that there are good
Tom believes that there are good and evil demons .
Tom believes that there is a time
Tom believes that there is a time and a place for everything .
Tom bent down
Tom bent down and picked up the coin .
Tom bent down and touched his toes .
Tom blew all his currency on a motorcycle .
Tom blew all his money on a motorcycle .
Tom blew all his sterling on a motorcycle .
Tom blew all money on a motorcycle .
Tom blocked Mary 's punch
Tom blocked Mary 's punch and kicked her again .
Tom blocked Mary 's way
Tom blocked Mary 's way and would n't let her enter the room .
Tom borrowed some big buck from Mary .
Tom borrowed some big money from Mary .
Tom borrowed some bundle from Mary .
Tom borrowed some megabuck from Mary .
Tom borrowed some money from Mary .
Tom borrowed some pile from Mary .
Tom borrowed some wealth from Mary .
Tom bought Mary some baking chocolates .
Tom bought Mary some bitter chocolates .
Tom bought Mary some chocolates .
Tom bought Mary some cooking chocolates .
Tom bought Mary some foods .
Tom bought Mary some solid foods .
Tom bought a bag of apples
Tom bought a bag of apples and he ate a third of them in one day .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free apothecary's shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bakehouse .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bakery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bakeshop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free barbershop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bazaar .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bazar .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free beauty parlmy .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free beauty parlor .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free beauty salon .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free beauty shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free betting shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bodega .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bookshop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bookstall .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bookstore .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free booth .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free boutique .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free building supply house .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free building supply store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free butcher shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free candy store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free canteen .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free chain store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free chemist' .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free chemist's shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free cleaner .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free clothing store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free commissary .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free computer store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free confectionary .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free confectionery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free convenience store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free deli .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free delicatessen .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free dress shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free drugstore .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free dry cleaner .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free fix-it shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free florist .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free florist shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free flower store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free food shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free gift shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free haberdashery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free haberdashery store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free hardware store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free hat shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free head shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free ironmonger .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free ironmonger's shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free junk shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free liquor store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free loan office .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free meat market .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free mens store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free mercantile establishment .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free millinery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free novelty shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free off-licence .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free outfitter .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free outlet .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free package store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pawnbroker's shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pawnshop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free perfumery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pet shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pharmacy .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pizza parlor .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pizza shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pizzerium .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free repair shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free retail store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free sales outlet .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free salon .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free second-hand store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shoe shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shoe store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shoe-shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free specialty store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free thriftshop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free tobacco shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free tobacconist .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free tobacconist shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free toyshop .
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed and lost .
Tom bought a newspaper
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train .
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train on the way to work .
Tom bought a squirrel magnet
Tom bought a squirrel magnet and put it on the fridge .
Tom bought a ticket
Tom bought a ticket and went in .
Tom bought female child some chocolates .
Tom bought girl some chocolates .
Tom bought individual some chocolates .
Tom bought little girl some chocolates .
Tom bought mortal some chocolates .
Tom bought person some chocolates .
Tom bought some Adonis annuas for Mary .
Tom bought some African daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some African violets for Mary .
Tom bought some Alsobia dianthifloras for Mary .
Tom bought some Amberboa moschatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Anemonella thalictroidess for Mary .
Tom bought some Arctotis stoechadifolias for Mary .
Tom bought some Arctotis venustas for Mary .
Tom bought some Bessera eleganss for Mary .
Tom bought some Boston brown bread .
Tom bought some Brachycome Iberidifolias for Mary .
Tom bought some Callistephus chinenses for Mary .
Tom bought some Carolina spring beauties for Mary .
Tom bought some Centaurea cyanuss for Mary .
Tom bought some Centaurea imperialiss for Mary .
Tom bought some Centaurea moschatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Centranthus rubers for Mary .
Tom bought some Cheiranthus asperuss for Mary .
Tom bought some Cheiranthus cheiris for Mary .
Tom bought some China asters for Mary .
Tom bought some Christmas bellss for Mary .
Tom bought some Chrysanthemum coccineums for Mary .
Tom bought some Chrysanthemum leucanthemums for Mary .
Tom bought some Clatonia lanceolatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Claytonia carolinianas for Mary .
Tom bought some Claytonia virginicas for Mary .
Tom bought some Conoclinium coelestinums for Mary .
Tom bought some Consolida ambiguas for Mary .
Tom bought some Cotula coronopifolias for Mary .
Tom bought some Cyclamen hederifoliums for Mary .
Tom bought some Cyclamen neopolitanums for Mary .
Tom bought some Cyclamen purpurascenss for Mary .
Tom bought some Dahlia pinnatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Dame's violets for Mary .
Tom bought some Delphinium ajaces for Mary .
Tom bought some Easter daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some English muffin .
Tom bought some Episcia dianthifloras for Mary .
Tom bought some Erysimum arkansanums for Mary .
Tom bought some Erysimum asperums for Mary .
Tom bought some Erysimum cheiris for Mary .
Tom bought some Eupatorium coelestinums for Mary .
Tom bought some Felicia amelloidess for Mary .
Tom bought some Felicia bergerianas for Mary .
Tom bought some French honeysuckles for Mary .
Tom bought some Glaucium flavums for Mary .
Tom bought some Gomphrena globosas for Mary .
Tom bought some Gypsophila paniculatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Hesperis matronaliss for Mary .
Tom bought some Holocentrus ascensioniss for his aquarium .
Tom bought some Holocentrus bullisis for his aquarium .
Tom bought some Holocentrus coruscuss for his aquarium .
Tom bought some Host .
Tom bought some Layia platyglossas for Mary .
Tom bought some Leucanthemum vulgares for Mary .
Tom bought some Linaria vulgariss for Mary .
Tom bought some Lindheimera texanas for Mary .
Tom bought some Lithophragma affines for Mary .
Tom bought some Lithophragma affiniss for Mary .
Tom bought some Lobularia maritimas for Mary .
Tom bought some Lonas annuas for Mary .
Tom bought some Lonas inodoras for Mary .
Tom bought some Malcolm stocks for Mary .
Tom bought some Malcolmia maritimas for Mary .
Tom bought some Mentzelia laevicauliss for Mary .
Tom bought some Mentzelia lindleyis for Mary .
Tom bought some Mentzelia livicauliss for Mary .
Tom bought some Mexican sunflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some Moehringia laterifloras for Mary .
Tom bought some Moehringia mucosas for Mary .
Tom bought some Nyctaginia capitatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Pericallis cruentas for Mary .
Tom bought some Pericallis hybridas for Mary .
Tom bought some Polianthes tuberosas for Mary .
Tom bought some Ranunculus ficarias for Mary .
Tom bought some Saintpaulia ionanthas for Mary .
Tom bought some Saponaria officinaliss for Mary .
Tom bought some Saponaria vaccarias for Mary .
Tom bought some Schizopetalon walkeris for Mary .
Tom bought some Senecio cruentuss for Mary .
Tom bought some Sparaxis tricolors for Mary .
Tom bought some Stokesia laeviss for Mary .
Tom bought some Swan River daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some Tanacetum coccineums for Mary .
Tom bought some Tellima affiniss for Mary .
Tom bought some Texas stars for Mary .
Tom bought some Townsendia Exscapas for Mary .
Tom bought some Vaccaria hispanicas for Mary .
Tom bought some Vaccaria pyramidatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Virginia spring beauties for Mary .
Tom bought some Virginia stocks for Mary .
Tom bought some Virginian stocks for Mary .
Tom bought some Zantedeschia aethiopicas for Mary .
Tom bought some acanthopterygians for his aquarium .
Tom bought some achimeness for Mary .
Tom bought some ageratums for Mary .
Tom bought some ammobiums for Mary .
Tom bought some anadama bread .
Tom bought some anemones for Mary .
Tom bought some angiosperms for Mary .
Tom bought some apples
Tom bought some apples and made apple Bercy .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Bercy butter .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Burgundy sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Chinese brown sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Colbert .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Colbert butter .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Espagnole .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Hungarian sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Lyonnaise sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Nantua .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Newburg sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Poivrade .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Smitane .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Soubise .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Worcester sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Worcestershire .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Worcestershire sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple aioli .
Tom bought some apples and made apple aioli sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple allemande .
Tom bought some apples and made apple allemande sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple anchovy sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple apricot sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple barbecue sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bearnaise .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bechamel .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bechamel sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bordelaise .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bourguignon .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bourguignon sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bread sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple brown onion sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple brown sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple caper sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple chocolate sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple chocolate syrup .
Tom bought some apples and made apple cocktail sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple condiment .
Tom bought some apples and made apple curry sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple demi-glaze .
Tom bought some apples and made apple demiglace .
Tom bought some apples and made apple dressing .
Tom bought some apples and made apple garlic sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple gravy .
Tom bought some apples and made apple hard sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple hollandaise .
Tom bought some apples and made apple horseradish sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple hot sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple hunter's sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple marchand de vin .
Tom bought some apples and made apple mole .
Tom bought some apples and made apple mushroom sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple mushroom wine sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple mustard sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple paprika sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple pasta sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple peach sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple pepper sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple pesto .
Tom bought some apples and made apple plum sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple poulette .
Tom bought some apples and made apple ravigote .
Tom bought some apples and made apple ravigotte .
Tom bought some apples and made apple remoulade sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple salad dressing .
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce Albert .
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce Espagnole .
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce chausseur .
Tom bought some apples and made apple seafood sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple shrimp sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple snail butter .
Tom bought some apples and made apple spaghetti sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple tartar sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple tartare sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple veloute .
Tom bought some apples and made apple white onion sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple white sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple wine sauce .
Tom bought some aquileges for Mary .
Tom bought some aquilegias for Mary .
Tom bought some arum lilies for Mary .
Tom bought some asters for Mary .
Tom bought some babies'-breaths for Mary .
Tom bought some baby's breaths for Mary .
Tom bought some bachelor's buttons for Mary .
Tom bought some baked good .
Tom bought some bap .
Tom bought some barmbrack .
Tom bought some bartonias for Mary .
Tom bought some begonias for Mary .
Tom bought some bellworts for Mary .
Tom bought some billy buttonss for Mary .
Tom bought some blazing stars for Mary .
Tom bought some bloomers for Mary .
Tom bought some blue daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some blue marguerites for Mary .
Tom bought some blue-eyed African daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some bluebottles for Mary .
Tom bought some bouncing Besses for Mary .
Tom bought some bouncing Bets for Mary .
Tom bought some brass buttonss for Mary .
Tom bought some bread .
Tom bought some bread-stick .
Tom bought some breadstick .
Tom bought some breadstuffs .
Tom bought some browallias for Mary .
Tom bought some brown bread .
Tom bought some bun .
Tom bought some bush violets for Mary .
Tom bought some butter-and-eggss for Mary .
Tom bought some butterfly flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some calceolarias for Mary .
Tom bought some calendulas for Mary .
Tom bought some calla lilies for Mary .
Tom bought some callas for Mary .
Tom bought some campions for Mary .
Tom bought some candytufts for Mary .
Tom bought some cape marigolds for Mary .
Tom bought some caraway seed bread .
Tom bought some catananches for Mary .
Tom bought some catchflies for Mary .
Tom bought some centauries for Mary .
Tom bought some challah .
Tom bought some chrysanthemums for Mary .
Tom bought some cinerarias for Mary .
Tom bought some cinnamon bread .
Tom bought some columbines for Mary .
Tom bought some commelinas for Mary .
Tom bought some composite plants for Mary .
Tom bought some composites for Mary .
Tom bought some coneflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some coral dropss for Mary .
Tom bought some cornflower asters for Mary .
Tom bought some cornflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some corydaliss for Mary .
Tom bought some cosmeas for Mary .
Tom bought some cosmos for Mary .
Tom bought some cotton roses for Mary .
Tom bought some cow cockles for Mary .
Tom bought some cowherbs for Mary .
Tom bought some cracked-wheat bread .
Tom bought some cracker .
Tom bought some crouton .
Tom bought some croutons .
Tom bought some cudweeds for Mary .
Tom bought some cyclamens for Mary .
Tom bought some dahlias for Mary .
Tom bought some daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some damask violets for Mary .
Tom bought some dark bread .
Tom bought some deepwater squirrelfish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some delphiniums for Mary .
Tom bought some devil's flaxes for Mary .
Tom bought some fig marigolds for Mary .
Tom bought some filagoes for Mary .
Tom bought some flatbread .
Tom bought some florest's cinerarias for Mary .
Tom bought some flowering plants for Mary .
Tom bought some flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some four o'clocks for Mary .
Tom bought some fruit .
Tom bought some garden pinks for Mary .
Tom bought some garlic bread .
Tom bought some gazanias for Mary .
Tom bought some gentians for Mary .
Tom bought some gerardias for Mary .
Tom bought some gillyflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some give to his friends .
Tom bought some globe amaranths for Mary .
Tom bought some gluten bread .
Tom bought some hallah .
Tom bought some hedge pinks for Mary .
Tom bought some helianthuss for Mary .
Tom bought some heliophilas for Mary .
Tom bought some horn poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some horned poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some hot water plants for Mary .
Tom bought some kingfisher daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some lace-flower vines for Mary .
Tom bought some lesser celandines for Mary .
Tom bought some light bread .
Tom bought some loaf .
Tom bought some loaf of bread .
Tom bought some lychniss for Mary .
Tom bought some marguerites for Mary .
Tom bought some marigolds for Mary .
Tom bought some matzah .
Tom bought some matzo .
Tom bought some matzoh .
Tom bought some merry bellss for Mary .
Tom bought some mist-flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some mistflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some moon daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to elasticity to his friends .
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to give to his friends .
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to snap to his friends .
Tom bought some naan .
Tom bought some nan .
Tom bought some nigellas for Mary .
Tom bought some old maid flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some old maids for Mary .
Tom bought some onion bread .
Tom bought some orchidaceous plants for Mary .
Tom bought some orchids for Mary .
Tom bought some ox-eyed daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some oxeye daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some paeonies for Mary .
Tom bought some painted daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some peace lilies for Mary .
Tom bought some pebble plants for Mary .
Tom bought some peonies for Mary .
Tom bought some petunias for Mary .
Tom bought some phacelias for Mary .
Tom bought some pheasant's-eyes for Mary .
Tom bought some pileworts for Mary .
Tom bought some pinks for Mary .
Tom bought some poor man's orchids for Mary .
Tom bought some poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some portulacas for Mary .
Tom bought some prairie rockets for Mary .
Tom bought some pyrethrums for Mary .
Tom bought some quick bread .
Tom bought some raisin bread .
Tom bought some red valerians for Mary .
Tom bought some reef squirrelfish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some rocket larkspurs for Mary .
Tom bought some roll .
Tom bought some rue anemones for Mary .
Tom bought some rye bread .
Tom bought some salt-rising bread .
Tom bought some sandworts for Mary .
Tom bought some sauce .
Tom bought some scabiosas for Mary .
Tom bought some scabiouss for Mary .
Tom bought some scarlet musk flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some schizanthuss for Mary .
Tom bought some schizopetalons for Mary .
Tom bought some scorpion weeds for Mary .
Tom bought some scorpionweeds for Mary .
Tom bought some sea poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some shop .
Tom bought some shortias for Mary .
Tom bought some silenes for Mary .
Tom bought some simnel .
Tom bought some slipperworts for Mary .
Tom bought some snapdragons for Mary .
Tom bought some soapworts for Mary .
Tom bought some soldier-fish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some soldierfish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some sour bread .
Tom bought some sourdough bread .
Tom bought some sowbreads for Mary .
Tom bought some spathe flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some spathiphyllums for Mary .
Tom bought some speedwells for Mary .
Tom bought some spiny-finned fish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some spring beauties for Mary .
Tom bought some squirrelfish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some staffs of life .
Tom bought some starch .
Tom bought some stars of the veldt for Mary .
Tom bought some stemless daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some stocks for Mary .
Tom bought some stokes' asters for Mary .
Tom bought some streptocarpuss for Mary .
Tom bought some sun marigolds for Mary .
Tom bought some sunflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some sweet alisons for Mary .
Tom bought some sweet alyssums for Mary .
Tom bought some sweet rockets for Mary .
Tom bought some sweet sultans for Mary .
Tom bought some tidy tipss for Mary .
Tom bought some tidytipss for Mary .
Tom bought some tithonias for Mary .
Tom bought some toadflaxes for Mary .
Tom bought some toast .
Tom bought some tuberoses for Mary .
Tom bought some umbrellaworts for Mary .
Tom bought some unleavened bread .
Tom bought some ursinias for Mary .
Tom bought some valerians for Mary .
Tom bought some vegetables
Tom bought some vegetables and aftermath .
Tom bought some vegetables and consequence .
Tom bought some vegetables and fruit .
Tom bought some verbenas for Mary .
Tom bought some veronicas for Mary .
Tom bought some vervains for Mary .
Tom bought some wafer .
Tom bought some wallflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some wandflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some western wall flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some white bread .
Tom bought some white daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some white-topped asters for Mary .
Tom bought some whole meal bread .
Tom bought some whole wheat bread .
Tom bought some wild oatss for Mary .
Tom bought some wild snapdragons for Mary .
Tom bought some windflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some woodland stars for Mary .
Tom bought some xeranthemums for Mary .
Tom bought some yellow ageratums for Mary .
Tom bought some yellow horned poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some zinnias for Mary .
Tom bought somebody some chocolates .
Tom bought someone some chocolates .
Tom bought soul some chocolates .
Tom broke both of his fare-stages .
Tom broke both of his legs .
Tom broke both of his travelings .
Tom broke both of his travellings .
Tom broke both of his travels .
Tom broke his leg last year
Tom broke his leg last year and has limped ever since .
Tom broke his promise
Tom broke his promise and did n't help Mary .
Tom broke one of the rules
Tom broke one of the rules and was kicked out of school .
Tom brushed his teeth
Tom brushed his teeth and washed his face .
Tom brushes his teeth after every Indian meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every cornmeal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every farina .
Tom brushes his teeth after every food product .
Tom brushes his teeth after every foodstuff .
Tom brushes his teeth after every kibble .
Tom brushes his teeth after every matzah meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every matzo meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every matzoh meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every oatmeal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every pea flmy .
Tom brushes his teeth after every pinole .
Tom brushes his teeth after every rolled oat .
Tom bumped into Mary
Tom bumped into Mary and spilled his drink on her .
Tom burst into tears
Tom burst into tears and ran upstairs .
Tom ca n't stand Mary
Tom ca n't stand Mary and she knows it .
Tom ca n't swim
Tom ca n't swim and neither can Mary .
Tom called Mary
Tom called Mary and asked her to meet him for a drink at the bar across from his office .
Tom called Mary and told her he 'd be late .
Tom called Mary last night
Tom called Mary last night and encouraged her to join the team .
Tom calls Mary every night
Tom calls Mary every night and talks with her for at~least 45 minutes .
Tom came up to me after class
Tom came up to me after class and asked me a few questions .
Tom can also speak some Anglo-French .
Tom can also speak some Anglo-Norman .
Tom can also speak some Canadian French .
Tom can also speak some French .
Tom can also speak some Langue d'oc .
Tom can also speak some Langue d'oc French .
Tom can also speak some Langue d'oil .
Tom can also speak some Langue d'oil French .
Tom can also speak some Latinian language .
Tom can also speak some Norman French .
Tom can also speak some Norman-French .
Tom can also speak some Old French .
Tom can also speak some Old North French .
Tom can also speak some Romance .
Tom can also speak some Romance language .
Tom can also speak some Walloon .
Tom caught Mary 's eye
Tom caught Mary 's eye and then pointed at his watch .
Tom caught a mosquito between his thumb
Tom caught a mosquito between his thumb and first finger .
Tom caught the ball with both complements .
Tom caught the ball with both forces .
Tom caught the ball with both full complements .
Tom caught the ball with both hands .
Tom caught the ball with both personnels .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help metallic elements .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help metals .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help uranium 235s .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help uranium 238s .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help us .
Tom certainly made no us .
Tom changed a few words on the report
Tom changed a few words on the report and resubmitted it .
Tom chased the mugger
Tom chased the mugger and caught him .
Tom checked Mary 's pulse
Tom checked Mary 's pulse and was relieved to find that she was still alive .
Tom chose a song from the list
Tom chose a song from the list and began singing it .
Tom cleared his throat
Tom cleared his throat and continued to speak .
Tom closed his briefcase
Tom closed his briefcase and handed it to Mary .
Tom closed his eyes
Tom closed his eyes and began to count sheep .
Tom closed his eyes and took a deep breath .
Tom closed his umbrella
Tom closed his umbrella and put it in the umbrella rack near the door .
Tom closed the door quietly
Tom closed the door quietly and tiptoed into the room .
Tom closed the magazine
Tom closed the magazine and put it into his knapsack .
Tom comes from a culture where women artificially color their lips
Tom comes from a culture where women artificially color their lips and put holes in their earlobes .
Tom complains that his new phone is too big
Tom complains that his new phone is too big and that it wo n't fit in his pants .
Tom could 've
Tom could 've and should 've helped Mary .
Tom could n't just sit by
Tom could n't just sit by and watch Mary being bullied .
Tom crawled into bed
Tom crawled into bed and pulled the covers over himself .
Tom crumpled up the paper
Tom crumpled up the paper and threw it in the trashcan .
Tom cut off a piece of meat
Tom cut off a piece of meat and put it on his plate .
Tom decided then
Tom decided then and there to never let this happen again .
Tom did all could .
Tom did all that he could .
Tom did n't break his new shoes in enough before the marathon ,
Tom did n't break his new shoes in enough before the marathon , and got bad blisters on his feet .
Tom did n't have any brothers
Tom did n't have any brothers or sisters .
Tom did n't know any of the details of Mary 's plan .
Tom did n't know someone 's plan .
Tom did n't laugh at any of Mary 's jokes .
Tom did n't meet Mary
Tom did n't meet Mary or anyone else .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's A .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's B .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's C .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's D .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's E .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's F .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's G .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's H .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's I .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's J .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's K .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's L .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's M .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's N .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's O .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's P .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's Q .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's R .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's S .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's T .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's U .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's V .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's W .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's X .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's Y .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's Z .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's a .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's aleph .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's alpha .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's ascender .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's ayin .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's b .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's beth .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's betum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's block capital .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's block letter .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's c .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's character .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's chi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's consonant .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's d .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's daleth .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's deltum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's descender .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's digram .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's digraph .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's double-u .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's e .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's epsilon .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's etum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's ex .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's ezed .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's f .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's g .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's gamma .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's gimel .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's grapheme .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's graphic symbol .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's h .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's he .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's heth .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's i .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's initial .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's iotum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's izzard .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's j .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's k .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's kaph .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's kappa .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's khi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's l .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's lambda .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's lamedh .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's letter .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's m .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's mem .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's mu .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's n .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's nu .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's nun .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's o .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's omega .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's omicron .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's p .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's pe .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's phi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's polyphone .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's polyphonic letter .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's psi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's pus .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's q .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's qoph .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's r .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's resh .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's rho .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's s .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's sadhe .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's samekh .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's shin .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's sigma .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's sin .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's t .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's tau .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's taw .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's teth .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's thetum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's u .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's upsilon .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's v .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's vowel .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's w .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's waw .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's wye .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's x .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's xi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's y .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's yodh .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's z .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's zayin .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's zed .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's zee .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's zetum .
Tom did n't someone 's jokes .
Tom digitized an old family photo
Tom digitized an old family photo and emailed it to his mother .
Tom dipped a strawberry in chocolate
Tom dipped a strawberry in chocolate and then put it in his mouth .
Tom disliked both Mary
Tom disliked both Mary and John .
Tom does any study .
Tom does any thing but examination .
Tom does any thing but resurvey .
Tom does any thing but scrutiny .
Tom does any thing but study .
Tom does n't eat meat
Tom does n't eat meat and neither does Mary .
Tom does n't have any brothers
Tom does n't have any brothers and sisters .
Tom does n't have any brothers or sisters .
Tom does n't know any of Mary 's friends .
Tom does n't know if Mary is dead
Tom does n't know if Mary is dead or alive .
Tom does n't know someone 's friends .
Tom does n't know the difference between wine
Tom does n't know the difference between wine and champagne .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's big buck .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's big money .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's bundle .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's megabuck .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's money .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's pile .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's wealth .
Tom drew a gun
Tom drew a gun and shot Mary .
Tom drew a revolver
Tom drew a revolver and shot John 's hat off his head .
Tom drew his gun
Tom drew his gun and shot one of the men .
Tom drives a bus
Tom drives a bus and Mary is a tour guide .
Tom drives a truck
Tom drives a truck and his wife drives a station~wagon .
Tom dropped a cup on the floor
Tom dropped a cup on the floor and it shattered into a thousand pieces .
Tom dropped a dish
Tom dropped a dish and it broke .
Tom dropped a strawberry on the floor
Tom dropped a strawberry on the floor and Mary stepped on it .
Tom dropped his cup
Tom dropped his cup and broke it .
Tom dropped his suitcase
Tom dropped his suitcase and ran away .
Tom earned some appropriation by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some boodle by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some bread by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some cabbage by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some clam by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some dinero by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some dough by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some fund by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some gelt by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some kale by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some lettuce by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some lolly by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some loot by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some lucre by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some medium of exchange by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some monetary fund by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some monetary system by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some money by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some moolah by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some pelf by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some scratch by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some shekel by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some shinplaster by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some simoleon by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some subsidisation by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some subsidization by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some sugar by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some token money by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some wampum by mowing lawns .
Tom eats eggs without salt
Tom eats eggs without salt or pepper .
Tom entered the empty room
Tom entered the empty room and immediately noticed a lit cigarette in the ashtray .
Tom entered the room
Tom entered the room and turned on the lights .
Tom falls asleep every .
Tom falls asleep every night watching TV .
Tom fell off the roof
Tom fell off the roof and broke three ribs .
Tom fell over jogging
Tom fell over jogging and broke his arm .
Tom felt deep inside that Mary was still alive ,
Tom felt deep inside that Mary was still alive , and he did n't give up hope to find and rescue her .
Tom felt that there was no hurry .
Tom felt that there was no need to hurry .
Tom felt that there was no need to urgency .
Tom filled his glass
Tom filled his glass and then filled one for Mary .
Tom filled the pot with water
Tom filled the pot with water and put it on the stove .
Tom finally overcame his shyness
Tom finally overcame his shyness and asked Mary to go out with him .
Tom finished reading the book
Tom finished reading the book and returned it to Mary .
Tom flipped over the card
Tom flipped over the card and saw that it was the ace of spades .
Tom flipped the coin in the air
Tom flipped the coin in the air and then caught it .
Tom folded his clothes
Tom folded his clothes and put them in his suitcase .
Tom folded the letter
Tom folded the letter and put it into the envelope .
Tom followed in his father 's footsteps
Tom followed in his father 's footsteps and became a lawyer .
Tom for Mary
Tom for Mary and Mary for Tom were alternatively the subject and the object .
Tom forgot his wedding anniversary
Tom forgot his wedding anniversary and Mary was upset .
Tom found Mary 's diary
Tom found Mary 's diary and read the last three pages .
Tom found his glasses
Tom found his glasses and put them on .
Tom gave Mary a dirty look
Tom gave Mary a dirty look and then left the room .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the butts .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the goats .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the individuals .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the laughingstocks .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the mortals .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the people .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the somebodies .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the someones .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the souls .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the stooges .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the victims .
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss and walked out the door .
Tom gave Mary all had .
Tom gave Mary all the money he had .
Tom gave Mary all victims .
Tom gave Mary flowers
Tom gave Mary flowers and chocolate on their anniversary .
Tom gave Mary some advice .
Tom gave Mary some cognitive content .
Tom gave Mary some content .
Tom gave Mary some food .
Tom gave Mary some good admonition .
Tom gave Mary some good advice .
Tom gave Mary some good monition .
Tom gave Mary some good proposal .
Tom gave Mary some good warning .
Tom gave Mary some good word of advice .
Tom gave Mary some mental object .
Tom gave Mary some pabulum .
Tom gave Mary the receipt
Tom gave Mary the receipt and told her to put it in her purse .
Tom gave female child a list of all the victims .
Tom gave female child some food .
Tom gave female child some good advice .
Tom gave girl a list of all the victims .
Tom gave girl some food .
Tom gave girl some good advice .
Tom gave his son some advice .
Tom gave his son some fatherly advice .
Tom gave individual a list of all the victims .
Tom gave individual some food .
Tom gave individual some good advice .
Tom gave little girl a list of all the victims .
Tom gave little girl some food .
Tom gave little girl some good advice .
Tom gave me a couple of slices of toast
Tom gave me a couple of slices of toast and a glass of milk .
Tom gave mortal a list of all the victims .
Tom gave mortal some food .
Tom gave mortal some good advice .
Tom gave person a list of all the victims .
Tom gave person some food .
Tom gave person some good advice .
Tom gave some Easter egg to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some Life Saver to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some Turkish Delight to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some acidophilus milk to the cat .
Tom gave some all-day sucker to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some beverage to the cat .
Tom gave some bonbon to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some brandyball to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some brittle to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some buttermilk to the cat .
Tom gave some butterscotch to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy cane to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy corn to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy kis to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candyflos to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some caramel to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some carob bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some certified milk to the cat .
Tom gave some chocolate milk to the cat .
Tom gave some chocolate truffle to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some condensed milk to the cat .
Tom gave some confection to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some cotton candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some cows' milk to the cat .
Tom gave some dairy product to the cat .
Tom gave some dragee to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some dried milk to the cat .
Tom gave some drink to the cat .
Tom gave some drinkable to the cat .
Tom gave some dry milk to the cat .
Tom gave some evaporated milk to the cat .
Tom gave some fondant to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some fudge to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some goats' milk to the cat .
Tom gave some gumdrop to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some hard candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some homogenized milk to the cat .
Tom gave some honey crisp to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some horehound to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some jelly bean to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some jelly egg to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some kis to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some licorice to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some liquorice to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some lollipop to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some low-fat milk to the cat .
Tom gave some lozenge to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some marchpane to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some marshmallow to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some marzipan to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some milk powder to the cat .
Tom gave some milk to the cat .
Tom gave some mint candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some mint to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some nougat bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some nougat to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some nut bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some pasteurized milk to the cat .
Tom gave some patty to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some peanut bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some popcorn ball to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some potable to the cat .
Tom gave some powdered milk to the cat .
Tom gave some praline to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some raw milk to the cat .
Tom gave some rock candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some rock to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some scalded milk to the cat .
Tom gave some semi-skimmed milk to the cat .
Tom gave some skim milk to the cat .
Tom gave some skimmed milk to the cat .
Tom gave some sour milk to the cat .
Tom gave some spun sugar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some sucker to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some sugar candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some sugarplum to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some sweet to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some taffy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some toffee to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some toffy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some truffle to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some whole milk to the cat .
Tom gave some yak's milk to the cat .
Tom gave somebody a list of all the victims .
Tom gave somebody some food .
Tom gave somebody some good advice .
Tom gave someone a list of all the victims .
Tom gave someone some food .
Tom gave someone some good advice .
Tom gave soul a list of all the victims .
Tom gave soul some food .
Tom gave soul some good advice .
Tom glared at Mary with hatred
Tom glared at Mary with hatred and disgust .
Tom got a blanket
Tom got a blanket and put it over Mary .
Tom got a toy hammer
Tom got a toy hammer and toolbox for Christmas .
Tom got back in his car
Tom got back in his car and drove away .
Tom got in his car
Tom got in his car and drove away .
Tom got in his car and drove off .
Tom got in the car
Tom got in the car and they drove off .
Tom got in the car with Mary
Tom got in the car with Mary and they drove off .
Tom got into a fight with Mary 's brother
Tom got into a fight with Mary 's brother and broke his nose .
Tom got into his car
Tom got into his car and drove off .
Tom got into his car and quickly drove off .
Tom got into the car with Mary
Tom got into the car with Mary and they drove away .
Tom got into the driver 's seat
Tom got into the driver 's seat and drove off .
Tom got mad
Tom got mad and called Mary names .
Tom got no Mary .
Tom got no answer from Mary .
Tom got no answer from adult female .
Tom got no answer from female child .
Tom got no answer from female offspring .
Tom got no answer from foster sister .
Tom got no answer from foster-sister .
Tom got no answer from girl .
Tom got no answer from girl wonder .
Tom got no answer from individual .
Tom got no answer from little girl .
Tom got no answer from mortal .
Tom got no answer from person .
Tom got no answer from somebody .
Tom got no answer from someone .
Tom got no answer from soul .
Tom got no answer from woman .
Tom got on a horse
Tom got on a horse and followed Mary .
Tom got on his motorcycle
Tom got on his motorcycle and drove off .
Tom got out of the bathtub
Tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself off .
Tom got the corkscrew out of the drawer
Tom got the corkscrew out of the drawer and opened the bottle of wine that Mary had brought .
Tom got up
Tom got up and went to the refrigerator for another beer .
Tom got up at every day .
Tom got up at six almost every day .
Tom got up at six almost every sidereal time .
Tom got up at six almost every time unit .
Tom got up at six almost every unit of time .
Tom grabbed Mary 's arm
Tom grabbed Mary 's arm and pulled her towards the door .
Tom grabbed Mary by the throat
Tom grabbed Mary by the throat and choked her .
Tom grabbed a chair
Tom grabbed a chair and sat down .
Tom grabbed his backpack
Tom grabbed his backpack and left .
Tom grabbed his coat
Tom grabbed his coat and headed for the door .
Tom grabbed his guitar
Tom grabbed his guitar and headed for the door .
Tom grabbed his umbrella
Tom grabbed his umbrella and headed for the elevator .
Tom grabbed some paper~towels
Tom grabbed some paper~towels and wiped his hands .
Tom grabbed some towels and wiped his hands .
Tom grew a beard because he thought that all men had beards .
Tom grew a beard because he thought that all wise men had beards .
Tom grew up speaking both English
Tom grew up speaking both English .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Anglo-French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Anglo-Norman .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Canadian French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Langue d'oc .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Langue d'oc French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Langue d'oil .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Langue d'oil French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Latinian language .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Norman French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Norman-French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Old French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Old North French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Romance .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Romance language .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Walloon .
Tom grew up speaking both French
Tom grew up speaking both French .
Tom grew up speaking both French and English .
Tom grew up speaking both French and art .
Tom grew up speaking both French and humanistic discipline .
Tom grew up speaking both French and humanity .
Tom grew up speaking both French and liberal art .
Tom grows tomatoes
Tom grows tomatoes and lettuce in his garden .
Tom had both inside~out .
Tom had both of his socks on inside~out .
Tom had n't eaten anything the whole day
Tom had n't eaten anything the whole day and was very hungry .
Tom had n't eaten since breakfast
Tom had n't eaten since breakfast and was getting hungry .
Tom had no Mary .
Tom had no anxieties about lying .
Tom had no choice but to follow Mary .
Tom had no choice but to follow adult female .
Tom had no choice but to follow female child .
Tom had no choice but to follow female offspring .
Tom had no choice but to follow foster sister .
Tom had no choice but to follow foster-sister .
Tom had no choice but to follow girl .
Tom had no choice but to follow girl wonder .
Tom had no choice but to follow individual .
Tom had no choice but to follow little girl .
Tom had no choice but to follow mortal .
Tom had no choice but to follow person .
Tom had no choice but to follow somebody .
Tom had no choice but to follow someone .
Tom had no choice but to follow soul .
Tom had no choice but to follow woman .
Tom had no desire to argue with Mary .
Tom had no desire to argue with adult female .
Tom had no desire to argue with female child .
Tom had no desire to argue with female offspring .
Tom had no desire to argue with foster sister .
Tom had no desire to argue with foster-sister .
Tom had no desire to argue with girl .
Tom had no desire to argue with girl wonder .
Tom had no desire to argue with individual .
Tom had no desire to argue with little girl .
Tom had no desire to argue with mortal .
Tom had no desire to argue with person .
Tom had no desire to argue with somebody .
Tom had no desire to argue with someone .
Tom had no desire to argue with soul .
Tom had no desire to argue with woman .
Tom had no desire to go out with Mary .
Tom had no desire to go out with adult female .
Tom had no desire to go out with female child .
Tom had no desire to go out with female offspring .
Tom had no desire to go out with foster sister .
Tom had no desire to go out with foster-sister .
Tom had no desire to go out with girl .
Tom had no desire to go out with girl wonder .
Tom had no desire to go out with individual .
Tom had no desire to go out with little girl .
Tom had no desire to go out with mortal .
Tom had no desire to go out with person .
Tom had no desire to go out with somebody .
Tom had no desire to go out with someone .
Tom had no desire to go out with soul .
Tom had no desire to go out with woman .
Tom had no desire to kiss Mary .
Tom had no desire to kiss adult female .
Tom had no desire to kiss female child .
Tom had no desire to kiss female offspring .
Tom had no desire to kiss foster sister .
Tom had no desire to kiss foster-sister .
Tom had no desire to kiss girl .
Tom had no desire to kiss girl wonder .
Tom had no desire to kiss individual .
Tom had no desire to kiss little girl .
Tom had no desire to kiss mortal .
Tom had no desire to kiss person .
Tom had no desire to kiss somebody .
Tom had no desire to kiss someone .
Tom had no desire to kiss soul .
Tom had no desire to kiss woman .
Tom had no did .
Tom had no end on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no final cause on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no goal on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no happen .
Tom had no high~school .
Tom had no idea Mary was person .
Tom had no idea Mary was sick .
Tom had no idea on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial difficulty .
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer .
Tom had no idea where Mary had graduated from high~school .
Tom had no idea where Mary went .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any big buck .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any big money .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any bundle .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any megabuck .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any money .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any pile .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any wealth .
Tom had no intention of giving female child any money .
Tom had no intention of giving girl any money .
Tom had no intention of giving individual any money .
Tom had no intention of giving little girl any money .
Tom had no intention of giving mortal any money .
Tom had no intention of giving person any money .
Tom had no intention of giving somebody any money .
Tom had no intention of giving someone any money .
Tom had no intention of giving soul any money .
Tom had no intention on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no it .
Tom had no killer .
Tom had no lying .
Tom had no mind on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no money .
Tom had no problem doing applied science .
Tom had no problem doing engineering .
Tom had no problem doing engineering science .
Tom had no problem doing it .
Tom had no problem doing technology .
Tom had no qualms about lying .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was falsification .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was fibbing .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was lying .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was misrepresentation .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was paltering .
Tom had no right to do that .
Tom had no right to treat Mary like he did .
Tom had no sake on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no sick .
Tom had no that .
Tom had no view on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no way of knowing that this would happen .
Tom had no went .
Tom had no will on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had only planned to stay in Boston for just a day
Tom had only planned to stay in Boston for just a day or two .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his Loafers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his anklets .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his baby shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his balmorals .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his bluchers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his bowling shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his brogans .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his brogues .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his calceuss .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his chopines .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his chukka boots .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his chukkas .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his cleatss .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his clodhoppers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his congress boots .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his congress gaiters .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his congress shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his fins .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his flippers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his footgears .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his footwears .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his gaiters .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his ghillies .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his gillies .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his gym shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his mocassins .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his moccasins .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his oxfords .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his platforms .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his pumps .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his running shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his sabots .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his sandals .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his slingbacks .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his slings .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his sneakers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his tennis shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his walkers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his walking shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his wedgies .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his wing tips .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his wooden shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his work shoes .
Tom had some shoes .
Tom had to have his stomach pumped because he had accidentally eaten some poison .
Tom had to have his stomach pumped because he had accidentally eaten some rat destructivenes .
Tom had to have his stomach pumped because he had accidentally eaten some rat poison .
Tom has a beard just like his father , grandfathers
Tom has a beard just like his father , grandfathers and brothers do .
Tom has a big house
Tom has a big house and three cars .
Tom has an identical twin brother
Tom has an identical twin brother and few people can tell them apart .
Tom has an older sister , Mary ,
Tom has an older sister , Mary , and two younger sisters , but I do n't remember their names .
Tom has been ,
Tom has been , and still is , a constant source of worry to his parents .
Tom has been drinking since 2:30
Tom has been drinking since 2:30 and is already a little drunk .
Tom has been here for some case .
Tom has been here for some example .
Tom has been here for some instance .
Tom has been here for some time .
Tom has been lucky all his account .
Tom has been lucky all his autobiography .
Tom has been lucky all his chronicle .
Tom has been lucky all his hagiography .
Tom has been lucky all his history .
Tom has been lucky all his life .
Tom has been lucky all his profile .
Tom has been lucky all his story .
Tom has been lucky all life .
Tom has been to many places in
Tom has been to many places in and around Boston .
Tom has been waiting all his life for a woman like Mary .
Tom has been waiting all his motivation for a woman like Mary .
Tom has been waiting all his motive for a woman like Mary .
Tom has been waiting all his need for a woman like Mary .
Tom has been waiting all life for a woman like Mary .
Tom has blonde hair
Tom has blonde hair and green eyes .
Tom has brown hair
Tom has brown hair and blue eyes .
Tom has n't lost any apothecaries' unit even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any apothecaries' weight even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any arroba even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any cattie even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any catty even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any crith even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any frail even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any last even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any maund even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any obolu even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any oka even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any picul even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any pood even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any rotl even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any tael even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any tod even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any troy unit even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any unit even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any unit of measurement even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any weight even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any welterweight even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has no Boston for the rest of his life .
Tom has no Boswells .
Tom has no Confederates .
Tom has no Francophiles .
Tom has no Francophils .
Tom has no Graecophiles .
Tom has no Hobson's choice .
Tom has no Jacobites .
Tom has no New Dealers .
Tom has no Panama hat on .
Tom has no Panama on .
Tom has no Roundheads .
Tom has no Shavians .
Tom has no Stetson on .
Tom has no Whigs .
Tom has no accident .
Tom has no adult educations at~all on Monday .
Tom has no advocates .
Tom has no advocators .
Tom has no alibi .
Tom has no anglophiles .
Tom has no anglophils .
Tom has no angry .
Tom has no appalling .
Tom has no arrive .
Tom has no art classes at~all on Monday .
Tom has no attritions .
Tom has no at~all .
Tom has no augury .
Tom has no authority .
Tom has no bearskin on .
Tom has no beaver on .
Tom has no believers .
Tom has no blast .
Tom has no boater on .
Tom has no bonnet on .
Tom has no bowler hat on .
Tom has no bowler on .
Tom has no busby on .
Tom has no campaign hat on .
Tom has no carte blanche .
Tom has no cavalier hat on .
Tom has no certainty .
Tom has no challengers .
Tom has no chance of recovering .
Tom has no cheerleaders .
Tom has no childbirth-preparation classes at~all on Monday .
Tom has no children .
Tom has no choice .
Tom has no choice but to board game .
Tom has no choice but to go .
Tom has no choice but to leave .
Tom has no choice but to permission .
Tom has no choice but to resign .
Tom has no classes at~all on Monday .
Tom has no cocked hat on .
Tom has no command .
Tom has no competitions .
Tom has no competitors .
Tom has no compunctions .
Tom has no contenders .
Tom has no contritenesses .
Tom has no contritions .
Tom has no control .
Tom has no corporatists .
Tom has no correspondence courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no courses of lectures at~all on Monday .
Tom has no cowboy hat on .
Tom has no deciding .
Tom has no decision making .
Tom has no deerstalker on .
Tom has no default .
Tom has no default option .
Tom has no defence .
Tom has no defense .
Tom has no derby hat on .
Tom has no derby on .
Tom has no descendants .
Tom has no descendents .
Tom has no didacticss at~all on Monday .
Tom has no directed studies at~all on Monday .
Tom has no dress hat on .
Tom has no druther .
Tom has no dunce cap on .
Tom has no dunce's cap on .
Tom has no educational activities at~all on Monday .
Tom has no educations at~all on Monday .
Tom has no elective courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no electives at~all on Monday .
Tom has no endorsers .
Tom has no enemies .
Tom has no enthusiasts .
Tom has no experience .
Tom has no exponents .
Tom has no extension courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no extenuation .
Tom has no fedora on .
Tom has no felt hat on .
Tom has no flash .
Tom has no flashing .
Tom has no fool's cap on .
Tom has no foretoken .
Tom has no free traders .
Tom has no friends .
Tom has no functionalists .
Tom has no fur hat on .
Tom has no go .
Tom has no golf .
Tom has no good time .
Tom has no happening .
Tom has no hat on .
Tom has no head trip .
Tom has no headdres on .
Tom has no headgear on .
Tom has no high hat on .
Tom has no homburg on .
Tom has no home studies at~all on Monday .
Tom has no humor .
Tom has no idea when Mary will arrive .
Tom has no idea where he left his keys .
Tom has no idea where he left his mechanical devices .
Tom has no idea where he left his watch keys .
Tom has no idea who Mary is .
Tom has no imperium .
Tom has no impossibility .
Tom has no impossible action .
Tom has no indorsers .
Tom has no industrial artss at~all on Monday .
Tom has no instructions at~all on Monday .
Tom has no intention of doing that .
Tom has no intention of staying in Boston for the rest of his life .
Tom has no interest in activities .
Tom has no interest in affairss .
Tom has no interest in clock golf .
Tom has no interest in golf .
Tom has no interest in match play .
Tom has no interest in medal play .
Tom has no interest in miniature golf .
Tom has no interest in outdoor game .
Tom has no interest in politics .
Tom has no interest in professional golf .
Tom has no interest in round .
Tom has no interest in round of golf .
Tom has no interest in stroke play .
Tom has no is .
Tom has no keys .
Tom has no leave .
Tom has no leghorn on .
Tom has no lordship .
Tom has no los .
Tom has no loyalists .
Tom has no mainstays .
Tom has no maintainers .
Tom has no manners at~all .
Tom has no me .
Tom has no memory of the accident .
Tom has no memory of the break .
Tom has no memory of the coincidence .
Tom has no memory of the good luck .
Tom has no memory of the hap .
Tom has no memory of the happening .
Tom has no memory of the happenstance .
Tom has no memory of the happy chance .
Tom has no memory of the lottery .
Tom has no memory of the natural event .
Tom has no memory of the occurrence .
Tom has no memory of the occurrent .
Tom has no millinery on .
Tom has no mitigation .
Tom has no mortal enemies .
Tom has no muscle .
Tom has no natural event .
Tom has no near-death experience .
Tom has no obverse .
Tom has no occurrence .
Tom has no occurrent .
Tom has no opening .
Tom has no opera hat on .
Tom has no ordeal .
Tom has no orientation courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no orientations at~all on Monday .
Tom has no out-of-body experience .
Tom has no partisans .
Tom has no partizans .
Tom has no pedagogies at~all on Monday .
Tom has no penchants .
Tom has no philhellenes .
Tom has no philhellenists .
Tom has no pillars .
Tom has no plans to board game .
Tom has no plans to go .
Tom has no plug hat on .
Tom has no poke bonnet on .
Tom has no politics .
Tom has no possibility .
Tom has no possible action .
Tom has no power of appointment .
Tom has no predilections .
Tom has no preference .
Tom has no preferences .
Tom has no preindication .
Tom has no problem with that .
Tom has no propaedeutics at~all on Monday .
Tom has no propaedeuticss at~all on Monday .
Tom has no proponents .
Tom has no ratifiers .
Tom has no reason to be angry .
Tom has no recovering .
Tom has no refresher courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no refreshers at~all on Monday .
Tom has no regrets .
Tom has no remorses .
Tom has no required courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no resign .
Tom has no rivals .
Tom has no sadnesses .
Tom has no sailor on .
Tom has no seconders .
Tom has no secrets from me .
Tom has no self-confidence .
Tom has no self-reproaches .
Tom has no seminars at~all on Monday .
Tom has no sense of bite .
Tom has no sense of bon mot .
Tom has no sense of caricature .
Tom has no sense of cartoon .
Tom has no sense of caustic remark .
Tom has no sense of content .
Tom has no sense of corn silk .
Tom has no sense of cornsilk .
Tom has no sense of dishonmy .
Tom has no sense of dishonor .
Tom has no sense of esprit de l'escalier .
Tom has no sense of fun .
Tom has no sense of gag .
Tom has no sense of humiliation .
Tom has no sense of humor .
Tom has no sense of imitation .
Tom has no sense of impersonation .
Tom has no sense of irony .
Tom has no sense of jape .
Tom has no sense of jest .
Tom has no sense of jeu d'esprit .
Tom has no sense of joke .
Tom has no sense of laugh .
Tom has no sense of message .
Tom has no sense of mot .
Tom has no sense of obloquy .
Tom has no sense of odium .
Tom has no sense of opprobrium .
Tom has no sense of play .
Tom has no sense of pungency .
Tom has no sense of repartee .
Tom has no sense of reproach .
Tom has no sense of reproductive structure .
Tom has no sense of ribaldry .
Tom has no sense of sarcasm .
Tom has no sense of satire .
Tom has no sense of shame .
Tom has no sense of sketch .
Tom has no sense of sport .
Tom has no sense of style .
Tom has no sense of stylopodium .
Tom has no sense of subject matter .
Tom has no sense of substance .
Tom has no sense of topper .
Tom has no shako on .
Tom has no shame .
Tom has no shop classes at~all on Monday .
Tom has no shops at~all on Monday .
Tom has no shovel hat on .
Tom has no sign .
Tom has no silk hat on .
Tom has no skimmer on .
Tom has no slouch hat on .
Tom has no snap-brim hat on .
Tom has no soft option .
Tom has no sombrero on .
Tom has no sou'wester on .
Tom has no sovereignty .
Tom has no stalwarts .
Tom has no stovepipe on .
Tom has no straw hat on .
Tom has no style .
Tom has no subscribers .
Tom has no sun hat on .
Tom has no sunhat on .
Tom has no sustainers .
Tom has no sympathisers .
Tom has no sympathizers .
Tom has no taste .
Tom has no tastes .
Tom has no teachings at~all on Monday .
Tom has no ten-gallon hat on .
Tom has no that .
Tom has no time .
Tom has no tirolean on .
Tom has no titfer on .
Tom has no toasters .
Tom has no top hat on .
Tom has no topper on .
Tom has no toque on .
Tom has no trilby on .
Tom has no trip .
Tom has no trusters .
Tom has no tyrolean on .
Tom has no unhappinesses .
Tom has no upholders .
Tom has no verifiers .
Tom has no vindication .
Tom has no vision .
Tom has no vouchers .
Tom has no wassailers .
Tom has no weaknesses .
Tom has no well-wishers .
Tom has no woman's hat on .
Tom has no workshops at~all on Monday .
Tom has not been charged with any crime .
Tom has not been charged with any evildoing .
Tom has not been charged with any transgression .
Tom has some 2:30 .
Tom has some good infoes .
Tom has some good information .
Tom has some good news .
Tom has some news .
Tom has some now .
Tom has some very important things he needs to do before 2:30 .
Tom has some very important things he needs to do right now .
Tom has some very important things he needs to do right nowaday .
Tom has some very important things he needs to do right present .
Tom has two sons . One is a doctor
Tom has two sons . One is a doctor and the other is a lawyer .
Tom heard that Mary
Tom heard that Mary and John had split up .
Tom held one of Mary 's hands ,
Tom held one of Mary 's hands , and John held the other .
Tom helped Mary on the bus ,
Tom helped Mary on the bus , and then got on himself .
Tom hid the gun under some anklets in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some ankletss in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some argyles in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some argylls in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some athletic socks in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some bobbysocks in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some bobbysockss in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some hoses in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some hosieries in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some knee-highs in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some knee-his in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some socks in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some sweat socks in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some tabis in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some tabiss in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some varsity socks in the drawer .
Tom hopped into the car
Tom hopped into the car and put it in gear .
Tom hugged Mary tightly
Tom hugged Mary tightly and never wanted to let her go .
Tom insulted Mary
Tom insulted Mary and her husband .
Tom invited Mary
Tom invited Mary and her sister to his party .
Tom is a centaur
Tom is a centaur and Mary is a nymph .
Tom is a good husband
Tom is a good husband and a good father .
Tom is a loving
Tom is a loving and caring gentleman .
Tom is allergic to bees , hornets
Tom is allergic to bees , hornets and wasps .
Tom is angry
Tom is angry and un happy .
Tom is both able
Tom is both able and willing .
Tom is both her friend
Tom is both her friend and lover .
Tom is busy right now
Tom is busy right now and he ca n't help you .
Tom is buying some Mary .
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary .
Tom is buying some flowers for adult female .
Tom is buying some flowers for female child .
Tom is buying some flowers for female offspring .
Tom is buying some flowers for foster sister .
Tom is buying some flowers for foster-sister .
Tom is buying some flowers for girl .
Tom is buying some flowers for girl wonder .
Tom is buying some flowers for individual .
Tom is buying some flowers for little girl .
Tom is buying some flowers for mortal .
Tom is buying some flowers for person .
Tom is buying some flowers for somebody .
Tom is buying some flowers for someone .
Tom is buying some flowers for soul .
Tom is buying some flowers for woman .
Tom is by no desperate measures unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no dints unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no effectuations unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no escapes unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no expedients unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no fast tracks unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no implementations unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no instruments unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no means unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no open sesames unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no roads unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no salvations unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no stepping stones unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no teeth unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no tools unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no voices unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no wingss unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is calm
Tom is calm and patient .
Tom is from Boston
Tom is from Boston and so is Mary .
Tom is inclined to be moody
Tom is inclined to be moody and is not easy to live with .
Tom is irritating because he always has to have any argument .
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any argument .
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any variable .
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any variable quantity .
Tom is lazy
Tom is lazy and spoiled .
Tom is lonely
Tom is lonely and un happy .
Tom is much shorter
Tom is much shorter and weighs considerably less than Mary .
Tom is n't John
Tom is n't John and Mary 's son .
Tom is no Milquetoast .
Tom is no coward .
Tom is no craven .
Tom is no cur .
Tom is no dastard .
Tom is no hesitater .
Tom is no hesitator .
Tom is no individual .
Tom is no milksop .
Tom is no mortal .
Tom is no pansy .
Tom is no pantywaist .
Tom is no person .
Tom is no poltroon .
Tom is no quaker .
Tom is no recreant .
Tom is no shrinking violet .
Tom is no shy person .
Tom is no sissy .
Tom is no somebody .
Tom is no someone .
Tom is no soul .
Tom is no trembler .
Tom is no vacillator .
Tom is no waverer .
Tom is not dead . He 's alive
Tom is not dead . He 's alive and kicking .
Tom is now middle age
Tom is now middle age and has serious health problems .
Tom is paid double time on Sundays
Tom is paid double time on Sundays and public holidays .
Tom is probably just a year
Tom is probably just a year or two younger than Mary .
Tom is quite absent-minded
Tom is quite absent-minded and sometimes forgets to pick the kids up from school .
Tom is ready to settle down
Tom is ready to settle down and start a family .
Tom is required to wear a suit
Tom is required to wear a suit and tie to work .
Tom is rude
Tom is rude and selfish .
Tom is taller
Tom is taller and stronger than John .
Tom is the best dancer in the group
Tom is the best dancer in the group and he knows it .
Tom is very busy
Tom is very busy and does n't have much time for relationships .
Tom is very friendly
Tom is very friendly and outgoing .
Tom is very insecure
Tom is very insecure and needs constant reassurance and approval .
Tom is waiting for you
Tom is waiting for you and Mary .
Tom is wearing a heavy coat
Tom is wearing a heavy coat and gloves .
Tom just got up
Tom just got up and still is n't quite awake .
Tom just kept reading his book
Tom just kept reading his book and ignored Mary .
Tom just took a chance
Tom just took a chance and called Mary to ask her out .
Tom just wanted some physical condition .
Tom just wanted some physiological condition .
Tom just wanted some physiological state .
Tom just wanted some sleep .
Tom kept every him .
Tom kept every letter Mary wrote him .
Tom kept every love letter Mary ever wrote him .
Tom kicked the door open
Tom kicked the door open and went into the room .
Tom killed Mary
Tom killed Mary and then killed himself .
Tom kissed Mary
Tom kissed Mary and then went to work .
Tom kissed Mary on both cheeks .
Tom kissed Mary on both discourtesies .
Tom kissed Mary on both disrespects .
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek and then got into his car .
Tom kissed Mary while John
Tom kissed Mary while John and Alice were looking the other way .
Tom knew there was no contact in talking to Mary .
Tom knew there was no point in talking to Mary .
Tom knew there was no tangency in talking to Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the final decisions , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the final judgments , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the murder convictions , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the rape convictions , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the robbery convictions , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the sentences , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knocked
Tom knocked and Mary answered .
Tom knocked on the door
Tom knocked on the door , but got no fashion .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no manner .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no mode .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no response .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no style .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no way .
Tom knocked on the door and Mary answered it .
Tom knows Mary
Tom knows Mary and John are no longer together .
Tom knows both John .
Tom knows both Mary
Tom knows both Mary and John .
Tom knows both Mary and adult male .
Tom knows both Mary and blighter .
Tom knows both Mary and bloke .
Tom knows both Mary and boy .
Tom knows both Mary and boy wonder .
Tom knows both Mary and chap .
Tom knows both Mary and cus .
Tom knows both Mary and fella .
Tom knows both Mary and feller .
Tom knows both Mary and fellow .
Tom knows both Mary and foster brother .
Tom knows both Mary and foster-brother .
Tom knows both Mary and gent .
Tom knows both Mary and individual .
Tom knows both Mary and lad .
Tom knows both Mary and macho .
Tom knows both Mary and male child .
Tom knows both Mary and male offspring .
Tom knows both Mary and man .
Tom knows both Mary and man-child .
Tom knows both Mary and mortal .
Tom knows both Mary and mother's son .
Tom knows both Mary and person .
Tom knows both Mary and sirrah .
Tom knows both Mary and somebody .
Tom knows both Mary and someone .
Tom knows both Mary and soul .
Tom knows he has no Hobson's choice .
Tom knows he has no choice .
Tom knows he has no deciding .
Tom knows he has no decision making .
Tom knows he has no default .
Tom knows he has no default option .
Tom knows he has no druther .
Tom knows he has no impossibility .
Tom knows he has no impossible action .
Tom knows he has no obverse .
Tom knows he has no opening .
Tom knows he has no possibility .
Tom knows he has no possible action .
Tom knows he has no preference .
Tom knows he has no soft option .
Tom knows some French .
Tom knows some words in French .
Tom laid the book aside
Tom laid the book aside and looked up .
Tom laughed
Tom laughed and Mary laughed with him .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were funny .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were gag .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were jape .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were jest .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were joke .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were laugh .
Tom leaned back
Tom leaned back and smiled .
Tom leaned down
Tom leaned down and picked up a rock .
Tom leaned over the table
Tom leaned over the table and kissed Mary .
Tom left his parents ' house this spring
Tom left his parents ' house this spring and has been living alone since then .
Tom left some big buck for Mary .
Tom left some big money for Mary .
Tom left some bundle for Mary .
Tom left some megabuck for Mary .
Tom left some money for Mary .
Tom left some pile for Mary .
Tom left some wealth for Mary .
Tom liked to sit outside during the warm summer nights
Tom liked to sit outside during the warm summer nights and gaze at the stars .
Tom likes French
Tom likes French and he 's good at it .
Tom likes Mary
Tom likes Mary and Mary likes Tom .
Tom likes oranges
Tom likes oranges and eats around 3
Tom likes oranges and eats around 3 or 4 of them per week .
Tom likes oranges and eats three
Tom likes oranges and eats three or four a week .
Tom likes soccer
Tom likes soccer and music .
Tom likes to be busy
Tom likes to be busy and hates sitting around doing nothing .
Tom likes to stay home
Tom likes to stay home and read books on weekends .
Tom looked around
Tom looked around and then whispered something into Mary 's ear .
Tom looked at Mary
Tom looked at Mary and laughed .
Tom looked at Mary and so did John .
Tom looked deeply into Mary 's eyes
Tom looked deeply into Mary 's eyes and smiled .
Tom looked sad
Tom looked sad and disappointed .
Tom looked sad and lonely .
Tom looked up at Mary
Tom looked up at Mary and smiled nervously .
Tom loosened his tie
Tom loosened his tie and poured himself a drink .
Tom loosened his tie and removed his glasses .
Tom lost his cap ,
Tom lost his cap , and he felt that he had to buy a new one .
Tom lost his temper
Tom lost his temper and hit Mary .
Tom lost his temper and shouted at Mary .
Tom loved Mary
Tom loved Mary and Mary loved him .
Tom loves a good laugh
Tom loves a good laugh and avoids people who have n't got a sense of humour .
Tom loves me
Tom loves me and I love him too .
Tom made a peanut~butter
Tom made a peanut~butter and jelly sandwich .
Tom made himself a peanut~butter
Tom made himself a peanut~butter and jelly sandwich .
Tom made no promise .
Tom made no such expectation .
Tom made no such outlook .
Tom made no such promise .
Tom made no such prospect .
Tom made no such rainbow .
Tom missed the last train
Tom missed the last train and spent the night at an Internet cafe .
Tom mounted his horse
Tom mounted his horse and rode off .
Tom needed some big buck to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some big money to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some bundle to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some megabuck to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some money to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some pile to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some wealth to buy something for Mary .
Tom needs our help
Tom needs our help and I 'm going to make sure he gets it .
Tom never had an inkling that Mary
Tom never had an inkling that Mary and John were dating each~other .
Tom never had any intention of doing that .
Tom never had any that .
Tom noticed that John
Tom noticed that John and Mary were holding hands .
Tom noticed that he
Tom noticed that he and Mary were finally alone together .
Tom opened a can of soup
Tom opened a can of soup and emptied it into a saucepan .
Tom opened all letters .
Tom opened all three encyclopaedisms .
Tom opened all three encyclopedisms .
Tom opened all three eruditenesses .
Tom opened all three eruditions .
Tom opened all three learnednesses .
Tom opened all three learnings .
Tom opened all three letters .
Tom opened all three scholarships .
Tom opened his beer
Tom opened his beer and took a sip .
Tom opened his briefcase
Tom opened his briefcase and pulled out a couple of documents .
Tom opened his eyes
Tom opened his eyes and saw Mary .
Tom opened his locker
Tom opened his locker and took out his books .
Tom opened his suitcase again
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more bodies of water in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more building blocks in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more contents in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more depicted objects in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more essentials in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more inessentials in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more necessaries in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more necessities in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more nonessentials in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more parts in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more physical entities in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more pieces in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more requirements in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more requisites in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more reservoirs in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more sources in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more subjects in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more things in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more units in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more variables in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more waters in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some things in .
Tom opened the box
Tom opened the box and peeked inside .
Tom opened the box and took out a beautiful ring .
Tom opened the door
Tom opened the door and held it open for Mary .
Tom opened the door and the dog ran out .
Tom opened the door and walked in .
Tom opened the door and walked inside .
Tom opened the envelope
Tom opened the envelope and took out the letter .
Tom opened the freezer
Tom opened the freezer and got out the ice~cream .
Tom opened the freezer and got some drink .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his aerophagium .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his consumption .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his draft .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his draught .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his drink .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his gulp .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his ingestion .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his intake .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his sip .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his swig .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his uptake .
Tom opened the freezer and took out a container of ice cream .
Tom opened the refrigerator
Tom opened the refrigerator and took out one of the bottles .
Tom opened the safe
Tom opened the safe and took out his passport .
Tom opened the shoebox
Tom opened the shoebox and took out the shoes .
Tom opened the trunk
Tom opened the trunk and found it empty .
Tom opened the trunk of his car
Tom opened the trunk of his car and took out the spare tire .
Tom opened up the crate with a crowbar
Tom opened up the crate with a crowbar and took out a stick of dynamite .
Tom ordered a large double cheeseburger
Tom ordered a large double cheeseburger and fries .
Tom ordered some alimentary paste .
Tom ordered some baked good .
Tom ordered some breakfast food .
Tom ordered some butter .
Tom ordered some cheese .
Tom ordered some chocolate .
Tom ordered some coconut .
Tom ordered some coconut meat .
Tom ordered some convenience food .
Tom ordered some dika bread .
Tom ordered some fish .
Tom ordered some food .
Tom ordered some fresh food .
Tom ordered some garden truck .
Tom ordered some green good .
Tom ordered some green grocery .
Tom ordered some health food .
Tom ordered some junk food .
Tom ordered some leftover .
Tom ordered some loaf .
Tom ordered some meat .
Tom ordered some pastum .
Tom ordered some produce .
Tom ordered some seafood .
Tom ordered some slop .
Tom ordered some solid .
Tom ordered some yoghourt .
Tom ordered some yoghurt .
Tom ordered some yogurt .
Tom overheard Mary
Tom overheard Mary and John 's conversation .
Tom overpowered the guard
Tom overpowered the guard and took his gun .
Tom paid for the shirt
Tom paid for the shirt and the salesgirl put it into a bag .
Tom peeked in the window
Tom peeked in the window and saw Mary and John kissing .
Tom picked Mary up
Tom picked Mary up and put her in her highchair .
Tom picked some European blueberries and ate them .
Tom picked some West Indian cherries and ate them .
Tom picked some acerolas and ate them .
Tom picked some barbados cherries and ate them .
Tom picked some berries
Tom picked some berries and ate them .
Tom picked some bilberries and ate them .
Tom picked some blackberries and ate them .
Tom picked some blueberries and ate them .
Tom picked some boxberries and ate them .
Tom picked some boysenberries and ate them .
Tom picked some checkerberries and ate them .
Tom picked some cowberries and ate them .
Tom picked some cranberries and ate them .
Tom picked some currants and ate them .
Tom picked some dewberries and ate them .
Tom picked some edible fruit and ate them .
Tom picked some hackberries and ate them .
Tom picked some huckleberries and ate them .
Tom picked some juneberries and ate them .
Tom picked some lingonberries and ate them .
Tom picked some loganberries and ate them .
Tom picked some lowbush cranberries and ate them .
Tom picked some mountain cranberries and ate them .
Tom picked some mulberries and ate them .
Tom picked some persimmons and ate them .
Tom picked some raspberries and ate them .
Tom picked some saskatoons and ate them .
Tom picked some serviceberries and ate them .
Tom picked some shadberries and ate them .
Tom picked some spiceberries and ate them .
Tom picked some strawberries and ate them .
Tom picked some sugarberries and ate them .
Tom picked some surinam cherries and ate them .
Tom picked some teaberries and ate them .
Tom picked some whortleberries and ate them .
Tom picked some wintergreens and ate them .
Tom picked the box up
Tom picked the box up and looked inside .
Tom picked the coin up
Tom picked the coin up and examined it more closely .
Tom picked the diamond up
Tom picked the diamond up and looked at it .
Tom picked the lock
Tom picked the lock and entered the room .
Tom picked up John 's briefcase
Tom picked up John 's briefcase and handed it to him .
Tom picked up Mary 's jewelry box
Tom picked up Mary 's jewelry box and opened it .
Tom picked up a magazine
Tom picked up a magazine and started flipping through its pages .
Tom picked up a napkin
Tom picked up a napkin and wiped Mary 's chin .
Tom picked up a rock
Tom picked up a rock and threw it .
Tom picked up his clarinet
Tom picked up his clarinet and started to play .
Tom picked up his coffee cup
Tom picked up his coffee cup and started drinking out of it .
Tom picked up his coffee cup and took a sip .
Tom picked up his hat
Tom picked up his hat and put it back on .
Tom picked up his stuff
Tom picked up his stuff and put it in his briefcase .
Tom picked up his toys
Tom picked up his toys and put them in a box .
Tom picked up one of his gloves
Tom picked up one of his gloves and put it on .
Tom picked up the TV remote
Tom picked up the TV remote and turned down the volume .
Tom picked up the book
Tom picked up the book and started reading .
Tom picked up the cards
Tom picked up the cards and began shuffling them .
Tom picked up the five cards he had been dealt
Tom picked up the five cards he had been dealt and saw that he had a pair of aces and three kings .
Tom picked up the glass of juice
Tom picked up the glass of juice and took a sip .
Tom picked up the glass of water
Tom picked up the glass of water and took a sip .
Tom picked up the knife
Tom picked up the knife and looked at it closely .
Tom picked up the newspaper
Tom picked up the newspaper and read the headlines .
Tom picked up the phone
Tom picked up the phone and started talking .
Tom picked up the remote
Tom picked up the remote and started flipping through channels .
Tom picked up the saltshaker
Tom picked up the saltshaker and salted his eggs .
Tom plans to put new locks on all doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the French doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the car doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the cargo doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the double doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the fire doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the interior doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the movable barriers .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the revolvers .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the revolving doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the screen doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the screens .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the sliding doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the storm doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the swing doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the swinging doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the trap doors .
Tom played a waltz on the piano using only his thumbs
Tom played a waltz on the piano using only his thumbs and Mary was very impressed .
Tom played the guitar
Tom played the guitar and Mary sang .
Tom played the piano
Tom played the piano and Mary sang .
Tom poured wine into a plastic cup
Tom poured wine into a plastic cup and handed it to Mary .
Tom probably got tired of waiting for Mary
Tom probably got tired of waiting for Mary and left .
Tom pulled out an old shoebox from his closet
Tom pulled out an old shoebox from his closet and opened it .
Tom pulled something out of his pocket
Tom pulled something out of his pocket and put it on his desk .
Tom pushed against all weight .
Tom pushed against the door with all his avoirdupoi .
Tom pushed against the door with all his avoirdupois weight .
Tom pushed against the door with all his metric .
Tom pushed against the door with all his system of measurement .
Tom pushed against the door with all his troy .
Tom pushed against the door with all his troy weight .
Tom pushed against the door with all his weight .
Tom pushed all pillows off the bed .
Tom pushed all the bed pillows off the bed .
Tom pushed all the bolsters off the bed .
Tom pushed all the cushions off the bed .
Tom pushed all the long pillows off the bed .
Tom pushed all the pillows off the bed .
Tom put a dish with cheese
Tom put a dish with cheese and crackers on the table .
Tom put all belongings in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all eggs in one basket .
Tom put all his belongings in boxes
Tom put all his belongings in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his big buck in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his big money in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his bundle in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his closenesses in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his cobblerss in one basket .
Tom put all his comfortablenesses in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his eggs in one basket .
Tom put all his gonads in one basket .
Tom put all his happiness in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his intimacies in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his male reproductive glands in one basket .
Tom put all his megabuck in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his money in a box
Tom put all his money in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his pile in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his sex glands in one basket .
Tom put all his undescended testes in one basket .
Tom put all his undescended testicles in one basket .
Tom put all his wealth in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all money in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put down his coffee
Tom put down his coffee and picked up his phone .
Tom put down his fork
Tom put down his fork and picked up the drumstick with his fingers .
Tom put down his spoon
Tom put down his spoon and picked up a fork .
Tom put himself
Tom put himself and his children at risk .
Tom put his ear to the door
Tom put his ear to the door and listened .
Tom put his hat on
Tom put his hat on and went outside .
Tom put the apple~pie
Tom put the apple~pie and the pot of coffee on the table .
Tom put the food on the table
Tom put the food on the table and told everyone to start eating .
Tom put the gun to his own head
Tom put the gun to his own head and pulled the trigger .
Tom put the key in the lock
Tom put the key in the lock and paused a moment before he turned it .
Tom put two slices of bread into the toaster
Tom put two slices of bread into the toaster and pushed down on the lever .
Tom puts a lot of sugar
Tom puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee .
Tom raised his glass
Tom raised his glass and said , " To the happy couple ! "
Tom reached into his desk drawer
Tom reached into his desk drawer and took out a medicine bottle .
Tom realized he had no Hobson's choice .
Tom realized he had no choice .
Tom realized he had no deciding .
Tom realized he had no decision making .
Tom realized he had no default .
Tom realized he had no default option .
Tom realized he had no druther .
Tom realized he had no impossibility .
Tom realized he had no impossible action .
Tom realized he had no obverse .
Tom realized he had no opening .
Tom realized he had no possibility .
Tom realized he had no possible action .
Tom realized he had no preference .
Tom realized he had no soft option .
Tom realized there was no contact in lying to Mary .
Tom realized there was no point in lying to Mary .
Tom realized there was no tangency in lying to Mary .
Tom really leads no easy account .
Tom really leads no easy autobiography .
Tom really leads no easy chronicle .
Tom really leads no easy hagiography .
Tom really leads no easy history .
Tom really leads no easy life .
Tom really leads no easy profile .
Tom really leads no easy story .
Tom really leads no life .
Tom remained poor all his account .
Tom remained poor all his autobiography .
Tom remained poor all his chronicle .
Tom remained poor all his hagiography .
Tom remained poor all his history .
Tom remained poor all his life .
Tom remained poor all his profile .
Tom remained poor all his story .
Tom remained poor all life .
Tom remained single all his account .
Tom remained single all his autobiography .
Tom remained single all his chronicle .
Tom remained single all his hagiography .
Tom remained single all his history .
Tom remained single all his life .
Tom remained single all his profile .
Tom remained single all his story .
Tom remained single all life .
Tom remembered that Mary
Tom remembered that Mary and John had tried to kill him .
Tom removed his glasses
Tom removed his glasses and rubbed his eyes .
Tom removed the hacksaw from his toolbox
Tom removed the hacksaw from his toolbox and asked Mary if she wanted it .
Tom rented a car at the airport
Tom rented a car at the airport and drove it to Mary 's house .
Tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee
Tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to Mary .
Tom rolled over
Tom rolled over and snoozed for another 15 minutes .
Tom rolled up the poster
Tom rolled up the poster and put it into a cardboard tube .
Tom rushed into his office
Tom rushed into his office and slammed the door .
Tom said I 'm ugly
Tom said I 'm ugly and stupid .
Tom said good night to Mary
Tom said good night to Mary and left .
Tom said goodbye
Tom said goodbye and then walked out the front door .
Tom said he had half a mind to throw in his job
Tom said he had half a mind to throw in his job and hitchhike around Australia .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my belongingss .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my holdings .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my properties .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my things .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some things .
Tom said he had some of .
Tom said he had some personal problems to take care of .
Tom said he was so full he had no dessert .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for ambrosium .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for baked Alaska .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for blancmange .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for charlotte .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for compote .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for course .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for dessert .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for dumpling .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for flan .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for frozen dessert .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for fruit compote .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for junket .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for mold .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for mould .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for mousse .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for pavlova .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for peach melba .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for pud .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for pudding .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for sabayon .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for sillabub .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for syllabub .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for tiramisu .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for whip .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for zabaglione .
Tom said that he
Tom said that he and Mary had had a fight .
Tom said that he and Mary would probably be a little late .
Tom said that neither one of his parents had ever been to Boston .
Tom said that neither parents had ever been to Boston .
Tom said that you
Tom said that you and he went camping last weekend .
Tom sat down between Mary
Tom sat down between Mary and her husband .
Tom sat down next to Mary
Tom sat down next to Mary and they began talking to each~other .
Tom sat down on a rock
Tom sat down on a rock and removed a stone from his shoe .
Tom sat down on the park~bench
Tom sat down on the park~bench and began to read his book .
Tom sat in the driver 's seat
Tom sat in the driver 's seat and adjusted the rearview mirror .
Tom sat on the bench
Tom sat on the bench and crossed his legs .
Tom sat on the porch having a coffee
Tom sat on the porch having a coffee and a cigarette and watched the world go by .
Tom saved every him .
Tom saved every letter that Mary sent him .
Tom saw John
Tom saw John and Mary holding hands .
Tom saw Mary
Tom saw Mary and John arguing .
Tom saw Mary and John holding hands .
Tom saw Mary standing by the fireplace
Tom saw Mary standing by the fireplace and went over to talk to her .
Tom saw the newspaper on the floor
Tom saw the newspaper on the floor and picked it up .
Tom says he has no evildoings .
Tom says he has no gamblings .
Tom says he has no gamings .
Tom says he has no intemperances .
Tom says he has no intemperatenesses .
Tom says he has no plays .
Tom says he has no transgressions .
Tom says he has no vices .
Tom says he heard Mary
Tom says he heard Mary and John arguing .
Tom says he still has no idea where Mary is .
Tom says he still has no is .
Tom seemed quite surprised when he heard that Mary
Tom seemed quite surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married .
Tom shared the apartment with Mary
Tom shared the apartment with Mary and three other friends .
Tom shot
Tom shot and killed a bear .
Tom should 've given Mary flowers
Tom should 've given Mary flowers or something on Valentine's~Day .
Tom should definitely visit an art museum
Tom should definitely visit an art museum or two while he 's in France .
Tom showed Mary a picture of John
Tom showed Mary a picture of John and another boy .
Tom showed Mary some house .
Tom showed Mary some pictures of his house .
Tom showed no CER .
Tom showed no anger .
Tom showed no anxiety .
Tom showed no awe .
Tom showed no choler .
Tom showed no conditioned emotion .
Tom showed no conditioned emotional response .
Tom showed no emotion .
Tom showed no emotional state .
Tom showed no fear .
Tom showed no fearfulnes .
Tom showed no feeling .
Tom showed no fright .
Tom showed no hate .
Tom showed no hatred .
Tom showed no ire .
Tom showed no joy .
Tom showed no joyfulnes .
Tom showed no joyousnes .
Tom showed no love .
Tom showed no reverence .
Tom showed no spirit .
Tom showed no veneration .
Tom showed some arial mosaics to Mary .
Tom showed some beefcakes to Mary .
Tom showed some black and whites to Mary .
Tom showed some blowups to Mary .
Tom showed some blueprints to Mary .
Tom showed some cheesecakes to Mary .
Tom showed some closeups to Mary .
Tom showed some daguerreotypes to Mary .
Tom showed some enlargements to Mary .
Tom showed some frames to Mary .
Tom showed some glossies to Mary .
Tom showed some headshots to Mary .
Tom showed some holograms to Mary .
Tom showed some holographs to Mary .
Tom showed some longshots to Mary .
Tom showed some magnifications to Mary .
Tom showed some microdots to Mary .
Tom showed some monochromes to Mary .
Tom showed some mosaics to Mary .
Tom showed some mug shots to Mary .
Tom showed some mugshots to Mary .
Tom showed some photocopies to Mary .
Tom showed some photographic prints to Mary .
Tom showed some photomicrographs to Mary .
Tom showed some photomosaics to Mary .
Tom showed some photos to Mary .
Tom showed some prints to Mary .
Tom showed some radiograms to Mary .
Tom showed some radiographs to Mary .
Tom showed some representations to Mary .
Tom showed some scenes to Mary .
Tom showed some shadowgraphs to Mary .
Tom showed some shots to Mary .
Tom showed some skiagrams to Mary .
Tom showed some skiagraphs to Mary .
Tom showed some snaps to Mary .
Tom showed some snapshots to Mary .
Tom showed some spectrograms to Mary .
Tom showed some spectrographs to Mary .
Tom showed some stereos to Mary .
Tom showed some stereoscopic photographs to Mary .
Tom showed some stereoscopic pictures to Mary .
Tom showed some stills to Mary .
Tom showed some telephotoes to Mary .
Tom showed some telephotographs to Mary .
Tom showed some time exposures to Mary .
Tom showed some vignettes to Mary .
Tom showed some wedding pictures to Mary .
Tom showed up at the party wearing a suit
Tom showed up at the party wearing a suit and tie .
Tom shut one window
Tom shut one window and Mary shut the other .
Tom shut the door
Tom shut the door and locked it .
Tom slipped on ice
Tom slipped on ice and broke his hip last winter .
Tom slipped quietly into his clothes
Tom slipped quietly into his clothes and tiptoed out of the room .
Tom smiled
Tom smiled and nodded .
Tom smiled at the audience
Tom smiled at the audience and took a bow .
Tom snuck out
Tom snuck out and surreptitiously bought Mary a big bunch of flowers for their wedding anniversary .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his big buck .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his big money .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his bundle .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his megabuck .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his money .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his pile .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his wealth .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all money .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attention to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attracter to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attraction to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attractive feature to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attractor to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any enhancer to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any foil to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any magnet to him .
Tom sought solace in the bottle after he
Tom sought solace in the bottle after he and Mary broke up .
Tom speaks French to some degree .
Tom speaks French to some extent .
Tom speaks French to some level .
Tom speaks French to some point .
Tom speaks French to some stage .
Tom speaks Spanish ,
Tom speaks Spanish , and Betty speaks Spanish , too .
Tom speaks Spanish , and so does Betty .
Tom spends a lot of time looking for his car keys , mobile~phone
Tom spends a lot of time looking for his car keys , mobile~phone or glasses .
Tom spends all his period of time thinking about Mary .
Tom spends all his period thinking about Mary .
Tom spends all his time period thinking about Mary .
Tom spends all his time thinking about Mary .
Tom spends all time thinking about Mary .
Tom started his car
Tom started his car and drove away .
Tom started the car
Tom started the car and drove off .
Tom stepped aside
Tom stepped aside and let Mary walk in .
Tom stole some alcohol from his parents
Tom stole some alcohol from his parents and thought that they would n't notice .
Tom stole some appropriation from Mary .
Tom stole some boodle from Mary .
Tom stole some bread from Mary .
Tom stole some cabbage from Mary .
Tom stole some clam from Mary .
Tom stole some dinero from Mary .
Tom stole some dough from Mary .
Tom stole some fund from Mary .
Tom stole some gelt from Mary .
Tom stole some kale from Mary .
Tom stole some lettuce from Mary .
Tom stole some lolly from Mary .
Tom stole some loot from Mary .
Tom stole some lucre from Mary .
Tom stole some medium of exchange from Mary .
Tom stole some monetary fund from Mary .
Tom stole some monetary system from Mary .
Tom stole some money from Mary .
Tom stole some moolah from Mary .
Tom stole some pelf from Mary .
Tom stole some scratch from Mary .
Tom stole some shekel from Mary .
Tom stole some shinplaster from Mary .
Tom stole some simoleon from Mary .
Tom stole some subsidisation from Mary .
Tom stole some subsidization from Mary .
Tom stole some sugar from Mary .
Tom stole some token money from Mary .
Tom stole some wampum from Mary .
Tom stood up
Tom stood up and then everyone else stood up , too .
Tom stooped
Tom stooped and picked up the coin .
Tom stopped crying as soon as he saw Mary
Tom stopped crying as soon as he saw Mary and John .
Tom stopped in front of Mary 's house
Tom stopped in front of Mary 's house and got out of his car .
Tom stopped the car
Tom stopped the car and turned off the engine .
Tom suspects that Mary
Tom suspects that Mary and I are plotting something .
Tom talked Mary into donating some big buck .
Tom talked Mary into donating some big money .
Tom talked Mary into donating some bundle .
Tom talked Mary into donating some megabuck .
Tom talked Mary into donating some money .
Tom talked Mary into donating some pile .
Tom talked Mary into donating some wealth .
Tom talked to Mary 's neighbors
Tom talked to Mary 's neighbors and asked them if they knew where she 'd gone .
Tom threw a pillow at Mary
Tom threw a pillow at Mary and the pillow hit her squarely in the face .
Tom threw caution to the wind
Tom threw caution to the wind and booked a skydiving lesson .
Tom threw his hands up into the air
Tom threw his hands up into the air and said that he gave up .
Tom threw out his old personal papers
Tom threw out his old personal papers and sent them to be shredded .
Tom threw something at me
Tom threw something at me and I ducked .
Tom threw the car keys to Mary
Tom threw the car keys to Mary and she caught them .
Tom told Mary
Tom told Mary and her children an interesting story .
Tom told Mary that he would be quitting his job
Tom told Mary that he would be quitting his job and going back to Boston .
Tom told Mary to buy some cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and cubeb cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and cubebs .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and filter-tipped cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and joints .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and marijuana cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and reefers .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and rolls of tobacco .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and smokes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and spliffs .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and sticks .
Tom told me that he
Tom told me that he and Mary spent their summer vacation at the beach .
Tom told me that he and Mary were planning on going to the beach this coming weekend .
Tom told me that he could come on any day but Tuesday .
Tom told me that he could come on any sidereal time but Tuessidereal time .
Tom told me that he could come on any time unit but Tuestime unit .
Tom told me that he could come on any unit of time but Tuesunit of time .
Tom told me you
Tom told me you and Mary are planning to get married .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no distres .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no feeling .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no growing pain .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no hurt .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no mental anguish .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no pain .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no suffering .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no unpleasantnes .
Tom took Mary
Tom took Mary 's empty glass from her hand
Tom took Mary 's empty glass from her hand and refilled it .
Tom took Mary and her daughter home .
Tom took a beer out of the fridge
Tom took a beer out of the fridge and handed it to Mary .
Tom took a big breath
Tom took a big breath and blew out the candles .
Tom took a blanket off the bed
Tom took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself .
Tom took a book off the shelf
Tom took a book off the shelf and handed it to Mary .
Tom took a breath
Tom took a breath and then started swimming underwater .
Tom took a deep breath
Tom took a deep breath and closed his eyes .
Tom took a drink
Tom took a drink and then offered the bottle to Mary .
Tom took a picture of his dog
Tom took a picture of his dog and sent it to Mary .
Tom took a pill from the bottle
Tom took a pill from the bottle and swallowed it .
Tom took a sip of his margarita
Tom took a sip of his margarita and smiled .
Tom took half of the cookies
Tom took half of the cookies and put them on his plate .
Tom took his coat off the hanger
Tom took his coat off the hanger and put it on .
Tom took his coat out of the closet
Tom took his coat out of the closet and put it on .
Tom took his finger off the trigger
Tom took his finger off the trigger and put his pistol back in its holster .
Tom took his glasses off
Tom took his glasses off and put the on the bedside table .
Tom took his shoes
Tom took his shoes and socks off .
Tom took his sunglasses off
Tom took his sunglasses off and handed them to Mary .
Tom took off his bicycle helmet
Tom took off his bicycle helmet and put it on the table .
Tom took off his clothes
Tom took off his clothes and got into the bathtub .
Tom took off his clothes and put on his pajamas .
Tom took off his clothes and stepped into the shower .
Tom took off his coat
Tom took off his coat and gloves .
Tom took off his coat and hung it on the hook behind the door .
Tom took off his coat and hung it over a chair .
Tom took off his coat and hung it up .
Tom took off his coat and threw it on the floor .
Tom took off his dirty clothes
Tom took off his dirty clothes and put them directly into the washing machine .
Tom took off his pants
Tom took off his pants and carefully hung them over the back of a chair .
Tom took off his shirt
Tom took off his shirt and threw it into the washing machine .
Tom took off his shoes
Tom took off his shoes and put on a pair of slippers .
Tom took off his shoes and socks .
Tom took off his socks
Tom took off his socks and shoes and walked into the sea .
Tom took off his tie
Tom took off his tie and started unbuttoning his shirt .
Tom took off his top~hat
Tom took off his top~hat and got into his car .
Tom took off his wedding ring
Tom took off his wedding ring and threw it into the pond .
Tom took one of the newspapers from the table
Tom took one of the newspapers from the table and waited until his name was called .
Tom took out a pencil
Tom took out a pencil and started to write .
Tom took out his camera
Tom took out his camera and started taking pictures .
Tom took out his handkerchief
Tom took out his handkerchief and blew his nose .
Tom took out his phone
Tom took out his phone and called Mary .
Tom took some artistic allowance .
Tom took some artistic authorisation .
Tom took some artistic authorization .
Tom took some artistic clearance .
Tom took some artistic conge .
Tom took some artistic congee .
Tom took some artistic dispensation .
Tom took some artistic empowerment .
Tom took some artistic license .
Tom took some artistic toleration .
Tom took some belongingss out of his bag .
Tom took some big buck out of his pocket .
Tom took some big buck out of his wallet .
Tom took some big buck out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some big money out of his pocket .
Tom took some big money out of his wallet .
Tom took some big money out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some bundle out of his pocket .
Tom took some bundle out of his wallet .
Tom took some bundle out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some holdings out of his bag .
Tom took some license .
Tom took some megabuck out of his pocket .
Tom took some megabuck out of his wallet .
Tom took some megabuck out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some money out of his pocket .
Tom took some money out of his wallet
Tom took some money out of his wallet .
Tom took some money out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some pile out of his pocket .
Tom took some pile out of his wallet .
Tom took some pile out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some properties out of his bag .
Tom took some things out of his bag .
Tom took some wealth out of his pocket .
Tom took some wealth out of his wallet .
Tom took some wealth out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took the CD from its case
Tom took the CD from its case and inserted it in the player .
Tom took the CD out of its case
Tom took the CD out of its case and put it into the player .
Tom took the bottle from Mary
Tom took the bottle from Mary and looked at the label .
Tom took the bottle from Mary and poured himself a drink .
Tom took the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase
Tom took the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase and handed it to Mary .
Tom tossed
Tom tossed and turned all night .
Tom tried not to listen to Mary
Tom tried not to listen to Mary and John discussing their financial situation .
Tom tried to control his breathing
Tom tried to control his breathing and remain calm .
Tom turned
Tom turned and ran after Mary .
Tom turned on his flashlight
Tom turned on his flashlight and entered the cave .
Tom turned to Mary
Tom turned to Mary and smiled .
Tom turned towards Mary
Tom turned towards Mary and gave her each cheek .
Tom turned towards Mary and gave her two kisses , one on each cheek .
Tom twisted Mary 's arm
Tom twisted Mary 's arm and she agreed to donate some money to our charity .
Tom unbuckled his seat~belt
Tom unbuckled his seat~belt and got out of the car .
Tom unfolded the letter
Tom unfolded the letter and read it .
Tom unscrewed the cap
Tom unscrewed the cap and handed the jar to Mary .
Tom unwrapped his sandwich
Tom unwrapped his sandwich and ate it .
Tom usually puts mustard
Tom usually puts mustard and ketchup on his hot~dogs .
Tom usually sleeps in on Saturdays
Tom usually sleeps in on Saturdays and Sundays .
Tom volunteered to do all do .
Tom volunteered to do all the things no one else wanted to do .
Tom volunteered to solfa syllable all the things no one else wanted to solfa syllable .
Tom waited for Mary to sit
Tom waited for Mary to sit and then sat down next to her .
Tom walked Mary to the door
Tom walked Mary to the door and she left .
Tom walked down the corridor
Tom walked down the corridor and into Mary 's office .
Tom walked down the hall
Tom walked down the hall and into Mary 's office .
Tom walked into the pub
Tom walked into the pub and ordered a pint of beer .
Tom walked over to Mary
Tom walked over to Mary and hugged her .
Tom walked over to the sink
Tom walked over to the sink and turned on the faucet .
Tom walked to the front~door
Tom walked to the front~door and knocked .
Tom walked up to the door
Tom walked up to the door and rang the bell .
Tom wanted to make a mix CD of music for Mary , but all had were DVD blanks .
Tom wanted to make a mix CD of music for Mary , but all he had were DVD blanks .
Tom wanted to spend some alone with Mary .
Tom wanted to spend some time alone with Mary .
Tom wants me to call Mary
Tom wants me to call Mary and make it clear that he never wants to see her again .
Tom wants to eat some apple~pie .
Tom wants to eat some pie .
Tom wants to know when we 're going to come over
Tom wants to know when we 're going to come over and help him .
Tom wants to marry Mary
Tom wants to marry Mary and John 's daughter .
Tom wants to talk to all of alphabetic characters .
Tom wants to talk to all of letters .
Tom wants to talk to all of letters of the alphabet .
Tom wants to talk to all of us .
Tom wants to talk to all us .
Tom wants your answer
Tom wants your answer and he wants it now .
Tom was able to answer all questions .
Tom was able to answer all the marriage offers .
Tom was able to answer all the marriage proposals .
Tom was able to answer all the proposals .
Tom was able to answer all the proposals of marriage .
Tom was able to answer all the questions .
Tom was carrying some bags .
Tom was carrying some shopping~bags .
Tom was convicted
Tom was convicted and sentenced to death .
Tom was dressed in black
Tom was dressed in black and wore a black ski mask .
Tom was exhausted after his trip
Tom was exhausted after his trip and it took him at least a week to recover from it .
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys , most bit older than him .
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys , most of them a bit older than him .
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys , most of them a small indefinite amount older than him .
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys , most of them a small indefinite quantity older than him .
Tom was hiding in some botanies .
Tom was hiding in some bushes .
Tom was hiding in some floras .
Tom was hiding in some vegetations .
Tom was highly educated
Tom was highly educated and spoke several languages fluently .
Tom was looking forward to watching the football match he had recorded at home ,
Tom was looking forward to watching the football match he had recorded at home , and he was angry when he overheard someone mention the final score .
Tom was n't ready to accept Mary 's love
Tom was n't ready to accept Mary 's love or friendship .
Tom was really shy
Tom was really shy and nervous .
Tom was speaking to some neighbors .
Tom was speaking to some objects .
Tom was speaking to some physical objects .
Tom was surprised to see John
Tom was surprised to see John and Mary out on a date .
Tom was thirsty
Tom was thirsty and asked for some branch water .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some drinking water .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some food .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some liquid .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some nutrient .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some spring water .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some water .
Tom was tired
Tom was tired and hungry .
Tom was unable to control his emotions
Tom was unable to control his emotions and burst into tears .
Tom was unable to produce any circumstantial evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any corpus delictus to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any corroborating evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any direct evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any exhibit to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any hearsay evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any indirect evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any info to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any information to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any state's evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any testimony to support his statement .
Tom was very angry
Tom was very angry and I was , too .
Tom was very angry with Mary
Tom was very angry with Mary and it took her a long time to placate him .
Tom was watching Mary
Tom was watching Mary and John .
Tom washed his face
Tom washed his face and hands .
Tom washed his hands
Tom washed his hands and face .
Tom washed the lenses of his glasses with warm , soapy water
Tom washed the lenses of his glasses with warm , soapy water and dried them on a cloth .
Tom went
Tom went and shut the window .
Tom went back to his car
Tom went back to his car and got a flashlight .
Tom went down on one knee
Tom went down on one knee and asked Mary to marry him .
Tom went out with Mary on Friday night
Tom went out with Mary on Friday night and with Alice on Saturday night .
Tom went to meet some Mary .
Tom went to meet some girl named Mary .
Tom went to meet some girl named adult female .
Tom went to meet some girl named female child .
Tom went to meet some girl named female offspring .
Tom went to meet some girl named foster sister .
Tom went to meet some girl named foster-sister .
Tom went to meet some girl named girl .
Tom went to meet some girl named girl wonder .
Tom went to meet some girl named individual .
Tom went to meet some girl named little girl .
Tom went to meet some girl named mortal .
Tom went to meet some girl named person .
Tom went to meet some girl named somebody .
Tom went to meet some girl named someone .
Tom went to meet some girl named soul .
Tom went to meet some girl named woman .
Tom went to sleep
Tom went to sleep and never woke up .
Tom whispered something in Mary 's ear
Tom whispered something in Mary 's ear and she nodded .
Tom whispered something into Mary 's ear
Tom whispered something into Mary 's ear and she smiled .
Tom whispered something to Mary
Tom whispered something to Mary and then left the room .
Tom winked at Mary
Tom winked at Mary and blew her a kiss .
Tom wished he had had the courage to jump into the river
Tom wished he had had the courage to jump into the river and save the baby that had fallen in .
Tom woke up in the middle of the night
Tom woke up in the middle of the night and ate an entire bag of chips .
Tom won a stuffed lion
Tom won a stuffed lion and I won a teddy bear .
Tom wore a hard hat
Tom wore a hard hat and winked at us .
Tom wore jeans
Tom wore jeans and a cowboy hat .
Tom wrapped the package
Tom wrapped the package and tied it with strings .
Tom wrote Mary 's name
Tom wrote Mary 's name and phone number in his notebook .
Tom wrote Mary a soppy love letter
Tom wrote Mary a soppy love letter and she kept reading it over and over .
Tom wrote down all details .
Tom wrote down all the details .
Tom wrote some country dynasties .
Tom wrote some country songs .
Tom wrote some songs .