" Baird
" Baird and Eiken also selected a manufacturer , LANGCO Tools and Plastic , Inc. , in Oran , Missouri . "
" Despite appearances , you 're a pervert . " " I 'm not a pervert . I 'm a pure
" Despite appearances , you 're a pervert . " " I 'm not a pervert . I 'm a pure and innocent young girl . " " Yeah , yeah , give me a break . "
" For Japanese yakuza , the most important thing is staying alive ,
" For Japanese yakuza , the most important thing is staying alive , and making money is second , " the yakuza said .
" I 'm mixed blood , so I do n't transform
" I 'm mixed blood , so I do n't transform or anything . "
" If any of you survive this fatal night
" If any of you survive this fatal night and return to Jamaica tell the admiral that I was in search of the pirate when this lamentable occurrence took place ; tell him I hope I have always done my duty , and that I- . "
" It 's a vote of confidence that the momentum is going to continue " , Doyle said . The momentum also appears to be moving south . The Mexican election is the latest indication that the free-market reforms that have swept Latin~America during the past decade are gaining political acceptance . In Brazil , prices rose sharply , reacting to the Mexico vote
" It 's a vote of confidence that the momentum is going to continue " , Doyle said . The momentum also appears to be moving south . The Mexican election is the latest indication that the free-market reforms that have swept Latin~America during the past decade are gaining political acceptance . In Brazil , prices rose sharply , reacting to the Mexico vote and to new polls favorable to free-market presidential candidate Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
" It 's war " , said the Grim Reaper
" It 's war " , said the Grim Reaper and put his scythe aside to get onto the combine harvester .
" LGBT communities around the world are calling you a ' hero' ,
" LGBT communities around the world are calling you a ' hero' , and say that you were framed , " Al-Sayib explained . " But the law enforcement agencies are all labeling you as a ruthless murderer .
" Look ! A red
" Look ! A red and white mushroom ! It looks so tasty ! " " No , do n't eat it . It 's poisonous . "
" Nature is cruel
" Nature is cruel and beautiful ... like me , " said Mary .
" Oh Tom , you big , strong man ! Come here
" Oh Tom , you big , strong man ! Come here and kiss me ! " " I 'm sorry ! I 'm married ! "
" There are stables on the ground~floor
" There are stables on the ground~floor and haylofts above them . "
" Tom
" Tom ! Do you realise that these sentences are very self-centred : They always either begin with
" Tom ! Do you realise that these sentences are very self-centred : They always either begin with or end with you ! Even both ! " she reproached Tom .
" Tom and Mary - A Tragedy in Five Acts " is the title of Mary 's latest autobiographical work .
" Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced . "
" Tom and Mary have been divorced for over three years . " I had no idea . "
" Tom and Mary have broken up . " " That 's ancient history . "
" Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates
" Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates and one long-stemmed rose for her birthday . " " That 's really sweet . "
" Well ... " sighed Dima , then turned to the shopkeeper
" Well ... " sighed Dima , then turned to the shopkeeper and cast her a murderous glance . " I guess I have no choice now ... "
" You are alone , you know ,
" You are alone , you know , and we are seven . " " Like the seven sins , " said Pinocchio , still laughing .
' Seminar ' , in universities , refers to debates
' Seminar ' , in universities , refers to debates and the presentation of research results by a few students .
A 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods
A 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods and services .
A Californian policeman pulled a car over
A Californian policeman pulled a car over and spoke to the driver .
A Russian court threw out a case on Thursday against a headmaster accused of using pirated Microsoft software in his school after President Vladimir Putin
A Russian court threw out a case on Thursday against a headmaster accused of using pirated Microsoft software in his school after President Vladimir Putin and ex-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev criticised the trial .
A Turkish soft~G
A Turkish soft~G and a Spanish H eloped and had lots of completely silent children together .
A U.S. soldier accused of participating in the rape of an Iraqi girl
A U.S. soldier accused of participating in the rape of an Iraqi girl and then killing her and her family was sentenced to 90 years in jail on Thursday , media reports said .
A band of ranchers under the leadership of Pedro Quintanar , upon hearing that Father Bátiz had been killed , seized the local treasury
A band of ranchers under the leadership of Pedro Quintanar , upon hearing that Father Bátiz had been killed , seized the local treasury and declared themselves in rebellion .
A black panther can be a jaguar
A black panther can be a jaguar or leopard , but in either case it has a gene that causes it to produce more melanin than other specimens .
A bull is male
A bull is male and a cow is female .
A bus collision with a truck in Uganda has resulted in at least 30 fatalities
A bus collision with a truck in Uganda has resulted in at least 30 fatalities and has left a further 21 injured .
A camel is a gentle
A camel is a gentle and pleasant tame beast whereof there are plenty in Africa especially in the Deserts of Libya , Numidia and~Barbary by which Africans estimate their own wealth .
A candle without a wick is no at~all .
A candle without a wick is no candle at~all .
A captain controls his ship
A captain controls his ship and its crew .
A circus is a place where horses , ponies
A circus is a place where horses , ponies and elephants are permitted to see men , women and children acting the fool .
A dachshund is a dog from Germany with a very long body
A dachshund is a dog from Germany with a very long body and short legs .
A doctor quickly cut off his left arm
A doctor quickly cut off his left arm and stopped the heavy bleeding .
A dog runs after a cat ,
A dog runs after a cat , and the cat after a mouse .
A drunkard is somebody you do n't like
A drunkard is somebody you do n't like and who drinks as much as you do .
A family should not spend all money to keep someone alive on a machine .
A family should not spend all of its big buck to keep someone alive on a machine .
A family should not spend all of its big money to keep someone alive on a machine .
A family should not spend all of its bundle to keep someone alive on a machine .
A family should not spend all of its megabuck to keep someone alive on a machine .
A family should not spend all of its money to keep someone alive on a machine .
A family should not spend all of its pile to keep someone alive on a machine .
A family should not spend all of its wealth to keep someone alive on a machine .
A famous Japanese poet does not approve of any fixed doctrine in haiku .
A famous Japanese poet does not approve of any fixed doctrine in poem .
A famous Japanese poet does not approve of any fixed doctrine in verse form .
A famous Japanese poet does not approve of any haiku .
A fat white cat sat on a wall
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes .
A friend of mine showed me all abroad .
A friend of mine showed me all the dolls he had bought abroad .
A furious elephant kicks out the fencing of his enclosure
A furious elephant kicks out the fencing of his enclosure and sends the keeper flying .
A good book is the best friend , now
A good book is the best friend , now and forever .
A good surgeon has an eagle 's eye , a lion 's heart ,
A good surgeon has an eagle 's eye , a lion 's heart , and a lady 's hand .
A graduate of St~Thomas 's Hospital Medical School in London , Fiona Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony Keirath
A graduate of St~Thomas 's Hospital Medical School in London , Fiona Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony Keirath and migrating to Perth with their first two children in 1987 .
A graduate of St~Thomas's~Hospital~Medical~School in London , Fiona~Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony~Keirath
A graduate of St~Thomas's~Hospital~Medical~School in London , Fiona~Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony~Keirath and migrating to Perth with their first two children in 1987 .
A group of American architects , product designers , engineers
A group of American architects , product designers , engineers and scientists have developed the seven principles of universal design .
A guilty conscience needs no accuser .
A guilty conscience needs no controversialist .
A guilty conscience needs no disputant .
A guilty conscience needs no eristic .
A leading human rights group on Wednesday identified Poland
A leading human rights group on Wednesday identified Poland and Romania as the likely locations in eastern Europe of secret prisons where al-Qaeda suspects are interrogated by the Central~Intelligence Agency .
A lot of things happened
A lot of things happened and my schedule was messed up .
A man suspected of stealing a million-dollar collection of Nepalese
A man suspected of stealing a million-dollar collection of Nepalese and Tibetan art objects in New~York was arrested .
A merchant is a person who buys
A merchant is a person who buys and sells goods .
A new study suggests that human life expectancy does not yet appear to be reaching a natural limit , with ever more people reaching old age
A new study suggests that human life expectancy does not yet appear to be reaching a natural limit , with ever more people reaching old age and still maintaining their independence .
A noun can be singular
A noun can be singular or plural .
A number of undergraduate schools
A number of undergraduate schools and colleges have also received it , as has the French Red-Cross , the abbey of Notre-Dame des Dombes , and the French railway company SNCF.
A painter paints his pictures on canvas . But musicians paint their pictures on silence . We provide the music ,
A painter paints his pictures on canvas . But musicians paint their pictures on silence . We provide the music , and you provide the silence .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all Gordian knots , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all brain-teasers , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all cases , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all conundrums , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all enigmata , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all heads , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all homework problems , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all koans , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all mystifiers , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all pons asinorums , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all posers , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all problems , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all puzzlers , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all puzzles , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all questions , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all rebuss , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all riddles , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all stickers , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all stumpers , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all teasers , except for his own .
A philosopher is a man who can solve all toughies , except for his own .
A poet can survive every misprint .
A poet can survive every thing but a error .
A poet can survive every thing but a misprint .
A poet can survive every thing but a mistake .
A pretty girl came up to Tom in the street
A pretty girl came up to Tom in the street and started talking to him .
A rabbit has long ears
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail .
A ruler is a flat , rectangular measuring
A ruler is a flat , rectangular measuring or drawing device with graduations in units of measurement .
A sea separates Ireland
A sea separates Ireland and England .
A second round of talks between the newly elected Czech
A second round of talks between the newly elected Czech and Slovak leaders on the future of the Czechoslovak federation ended in deadlock last night .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl accident have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl accident have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl break have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl coincidence have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl good luck have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl hap have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl happening have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl happenstance have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl happy chance have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl lottery have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl natural event have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl occurrence have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl occurrent have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A series of projects with the objective of finding some accident have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme . The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle .
A smart dog never barks for no faculty .
A smart dog never barks for no mental faculty .
A smart dog never barks for no module .
A smart dog never barks for no reason .
A solution to this problem is still some off .
A solution to this problem is still some way off .
A stocky man with a swarthy complexion snatched Mary 's handbag
A stocky man with a swarthy complexion snatched Mary 's handbag and disappeared into the crowd .
A strong supporter of the " Italian road to socialism " , he was close to Enrico Berlinguer ,
A strong supporter of the " Italian road to socialism " , he was close to Enrico Berlinguer , and gained a position in the party secretariat . In 1969 , he drew up the report proposing the expulsion from the party of the Manifesto group . In 1984 , after Berlinguer 's death , Natta was elected as party secretary .
A thousand woodpeckers flew in through the window
A thousand woodpeckers flew in through the window and settled themselves on Pinocchio 's nose . They pecked and pecked so hard at that enormous nose that in a few moments , it was the same size as before .
A typical Bavarian breakfast consists of white sausage , wheat beer
A typical Bavarian breakfast consists of white sausage , wheat beer and pretzels .
A week before she died she changed her will
A week before she died she changed her will and left her entire fortune to her dog Pookie .
A week has seven days : Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , Saturday
A week has seven days : Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , Saturday and Sunday .
According to Belarusian laws , not having a portrait of President Lukashenko in one 's apartment
According to Belarusian laws , not having a portrait of President Lukashenko in one 's apartment or house is punishable by the death penalty .
According to Nelson Beavers , who is a co-owner of the current company , Carolina Analytical Laboratories , LLC .
According to Nelson Beavers , who is a co-owner of the current company , Carolina Analytical Laboratories , LLC . and has ownership/employment history with Woodson-Tenent and Eurofins , the septic system was installed in the early 1990s .
According to the Washington~Post , between 2000
According to the Washington~Post , between 2000 and 2006 , the U.S. government sent $ 1.3~billion in farm subsidies to people who do n’t farm .
Actually , he thanked some mother .
Actually , he thanked some of his popularity to his abbes .
Actually , he thanked some of his popularity to his mother .
Actually , he thanked some of his popularity to his mother superior .
Actually , he thanked some of his popularity to his priores .
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons ,
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons , and then a prince on a white horse would chop off the dragons ' heads and liberate me .
Adams spent most Europe .
Adams spent most of the war years in Europe .
Adams spent most of the war years in accumulation .
Adams spent most of the war years in aggregation .
Adams spent most of the war years in assemblage .
Adams spent most of the war years in collection .
Adoption for gay
Adoption for gay and lesbian parents remains a hotly contested issue in the United~States .
Aeschylus is often called the father of Greek tragedy ; he wrote the earliest complete plays which survive from ancient Greece . He is known to have written more than 90 plays , though only seven survive . The most famous of these are the trilogy known as Orestia . Also well-known are The Persians
Aeschylus is often called the father of Greek tragedy ; he wrote the earliest complete plays which survive from ancient Greece . He is known to have written more than 90 plays , though only seven survive . The most famous of these are the trilogy known as Orestia . Also well-known are The Persians and Prometheus Bound .
After I have had time to give some abstract thought to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some consideration to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some construction to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some convergent thinking to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some divergent thinking to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some excogitation to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some explanation to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some free association to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some higher cognitive proces to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some ideation to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some line of thought to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some logical thinking to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some mental synthesi to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some mysticism to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some out-of-the-box thinking to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some planning to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some preparation to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some problem solving to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some provision to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some reasoning to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some thought to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some thread to the matter , I will call you .
After I have had time to give some train of thought to the matter , I will call you .
After a series of testy exchanges between a prosecutor
After a series of testy exchanges between a prosecutor and a prospective juror in the O.J. Simpson murder trial Thursday , Simpson 's attorneys accused government lawyers of treating black jury candidates differently than others .
After a short visit he suddenly got up
After a short visit he suddenly got up and took his leave .
After an awkward pause , Bill took her by the hand
After an awkward pause , Bill took her by the hand and dragged her upstairs .
After being criticized by Conservative Party opponents , British Prime Minister Tony Blair 's government recently vowed to deport many asylum seekers
After being criticized by Conservative Party opponents , British Prime Minister Tony Blair 's government recently vowed to deport many asylum seekers and jail others while their requests are processed .
After getting out of the shower , Tom wiped the fog off the mirror
After getting out of the shower , Tom wiped the fog off the mirror and shaved .
After he had crossed all the seas of the group , he drowned in a glass of water .
After he had crossed all the seas of the grouping , he drowned in a glass of water .
After he had crossed all the seas of the homo , he drowned in a glass of water .
After he had crossed all the seas of the human , he drowned in a glass of water .
After he had crossed all the seas of the human being , he drowned in a glass of water .
After he had crossed all the seas of the man , he drowned in a glass of water .
After he had crossed all the seas of the world , he drowned in a glass of water .
After he had crossed all world , he drowned in a glass of water .
After his release , the clean-shaven Magdy el-Nashar told reporters outside his home that he had nothing to do with the July 7 transit attacks , which killed 52 people
After his release , the clean-shaven Magdy el-Nashar told reporters outside his home that he had nothing to do with the July 7 transit attacks , which killed 52 people and the four bombers .
After it rains
After it rains and the ground is damp , it 's easier to pull weeds .
After many years of reflection , I came to the conclusion that for every . Each of us is a unique individual . And each of us carries in himself the capacity to find and fulfill a unique mission in his lifetime .
After many years of reflection , I came to the conclusion that for every human , the meaning of life consists exactly in : to find the meaning of life . Each of us is a unique individual . And each of us carries in himself the capacity to find
After many years of reflection , I came to the conclusion that for every human , the meaning of life consists exactly in : to find the meaning of life . Each of us is a unique individual . And each of us carries in himself the capacity to find and fulfill a unique mission in his lifetime .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no Vladimir~Meciar .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. Vladimir~Meciar .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. adult male .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. blighter .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. bloke .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. boy .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. boy wonder .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. chap .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. cus .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. fella .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. feller .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. fellow .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. foster brother .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. foster-brother .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. gent .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. individual .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. lad .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. macho .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. male child .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. male offspring .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. man .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. man-child .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. mortal .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. mother's son .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. person .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. sirrah .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. somebody .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. someone .
After nine hours of talks , Mr. Vaclav~Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. soul .
After some hesitation , he laid the book on the desk .
After some pause , he laid the book on the desk .
After taking a bath , I drank some drink .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft chaser .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft draft .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft draught .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft drink .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft eye opener .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft float .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft frappe .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft hair of the dog .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft helping .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft ice-cream float .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft ice-cream soda .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft libation .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft milk shake .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft milkshake .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft nightcap .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft pledge .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft portion .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft posset .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft potation .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft sangaree .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft sangrium .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft serving .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft shake .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft shandy .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft shandygaff .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft sillabub .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft stirrup cup .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft sundowner .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft syllabub .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft tipple .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft toast .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft whiskey neat .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft whiskey on the rock .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft whisky neat .
After taking a bath , I drank some soft whisky on the rock .
After the conflict there were many dead on both sides .
After the conflict there were many dead on both spins .
After the disaster , there was scarcely any island .
After the disaster , there was scarcely any water left on the island .
After winning all matches , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the associates , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the backup men , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the backups , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the coevals , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the contemporaries , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the fills-in , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the gangstas , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the individuals , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the matches , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the mortals , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the people , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the reliefs , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the relievers , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the replacements , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the somebodies , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the someones , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the souls , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the stands-in , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the substitutes , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the successors , he got the title of champion .
After winning all the townsmen , he got the title of champion .
After working in the hot sun all afternoon , Tom looked hot
After working in the hot sun all afternoon , Tom looked hot and tired .
After years of frustrations , all effort had been repaid .
After years of frustrations , finally all my effort had been repaid .
Ah , now I remember . I used a condom ; something I rarely ,
Ah , now I remember . I used a condom ; something I rarely , or rather practically never , do .
Akiko has some France .
Akiko has some friends in France .
Alexander wrote some final decisions in Berber .
Alexander wrote some final judgments in Berber .
Alexander wrote some murder convictions in Berber .
Alexander wrote some rape convictions in Berber .
Alexander wrote some robbery convictions in Berber .
Alexander wrote some sentences in Berber .
Algeria deserves trust
Algeria deserves trust and support .
Alison~Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up no oxygen .
Alison~Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial LOX .
Alison~Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial chemical element .
Alison~Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial element .
Alison~Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial ga .
Alison~Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial liquid oxygen .
Alison~Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial oxygen .
All Black men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Esqs die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Esquires die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Gaul is divided into three parts .
All Herrs die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Hooray Henrys die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All I ate yesterday was one apple .
All I have is a book .
All I have is books .
All I want to do now is sleep .
All Methuselahs die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Monsieurs die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Peter Pans die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Sadako could do now was to make paper cranes
All Sadako could do now was to make paper cranes and hope for a miracle .
All Samsons die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Senhors die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Tarzans die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All Tom ate was bananas .
All Tom does nowadays is swim .
All Tom wants to do is swim .
All adoniss die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All adults die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All appointments are arranged through the computer terminals , which can display each patient .
All appointments are arranged through the computer terminals , which can display the appointments record of each participant role .
All appointments are arranged through the computer terminals , which can display the appointments record of each patient .
All appointments are arranged through the computer terminals , which can display the appointments record of each semantic role .
All at once the sky became dark
All at once the sky became dark and it started to rain .
All at once there was an explosion .
All baboos die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All babus die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All bachelors die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All beaux die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All beys die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All boyfriends die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All boys die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All bozoes die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All bruisers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All bulls die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All busters die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All castrates die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All cats die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All clotheshorses die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All commutes begin with a first~step .
All dandies die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All demolition charges have been deactivated .
All divorced men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All dudes die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All eight prisoners were found guilty .
All ejaculators die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All eunuches die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All ex-boyfriends die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All ex-husbands die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All exes die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All fashion plates die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All father figures die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All father surrogates die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All father-figures die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All fellows die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All five rabbits were eaten by the hungry wolves .
All fops die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All gallants die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All galoots die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All geezers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All gentlemen die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All golden boys die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All grass widowers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All graybeards die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All great men are dead
All great men are dead and I am not feeling too well myself .
All greybeards die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All grownups die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All guys die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All happy families resemble each~other , each family is un happy in its own way .
All happy families resemble each~other , each un happy family is un happy in its own way .
All he-men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All her friends live in England .
All her hopes have vanished .
All his endeavors proved unsuccessful .
All his friends believed him happy .
All his hopes have vanished .
All hombres die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All housefathers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All hunks die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All inamoratoes die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All iron men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All ironmen die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All ironsides die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All it takes is concentration
All it takes is concentration and solitude .
All journeys begin with a begin .
All journeys begin with a commencement .
All journeys begin with a curtain raiser .
All journeys begin with a first~step .
All journeys begin with a start .
All macho-men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All major wildlife species are now threatened with extinction . No one has seen a Bengal~Tiger , a Puma , a Jaguar
All major wildlife species are now threatened with extinction . No one has seen a Bengal~Tiger , a Puma , a Jaguar or Indonesian Rhinoceros in the natural wildlife habitat for years .
All male people die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All males die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All middle-aged men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All my cakes are delicious !
All my pains are nothing compared to yours .
All of a sudden , I saw a hare running across the field .
All of a sudden , we heard the sharp cry of a cat .
All of my friends go to public schools .
All of my friends have bicycles .
All of the balls are yellow .
All of the dogs were alive .
All of these books are mine .
All of us , except him , went .
All of your accusations are without foundation . She 's innocent
All of your accusations are without foundation . She 's innocent and we 're going to prove it .
All old boys die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All old men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All our members are volunteers .
All our teachers were young
All our teachers were young and loved teaching .
All paterfamiliass die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All patriarches die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All philanderers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All plants need water
All plants need water and light .
All ponces die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All possemen die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All science is experiential ; but all experience must be related back to
All science is experiential ; but all experience must be related back to and derives its validity from the conditions and context of consciousness in which it arises , i.e. the totality of our nature .
All shavers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All sheiks die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All signiors die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All signores die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All signors die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All sirs die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All stiffs die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All strappers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All studs die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All swains die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All swells die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All that has happened before ,
All that has happened before , and will happen again .
All the academicians forgot to read that book .
All the academicians shouted with joy .
All the altar boys were dancing .
All the art students study English .
All the bairns were dancing .
All the boys were belly dancing .
All the boys were dancing .
All the boys were moving .
All the cars in this garage belong to Tom .
All the critics praised the new movie .
All the dogs are alive .
All the enrollees study English .
All the exams are now behind us .
All the flowers in the garden are yellow .
All the furniture was covered with dust .
All the hopes of the Belarusian people are set exclusively on the first President of the Republic~of Belarus , Alexander Lukashenko ,
All the hopes of the Belarusian people are set exclusively on the first President of the Republic~of Belarus , Alexander Lukashenko , and his son Kolya .
All the intellects forgot to read that book .
All the intellects shouted with joy .
All the intellectuals forgot to read that book .
All the intellectuals shouted with joy .
All the juvenile people were dancing .
All the juveniles were dancing .
All the kids were belly dancing .
All the kids were dancing .
All the kids were moving .
All the leaves on the tree have turned yellow .
All the leaves on the tree turned yellow .
All the male people were dancing .
All the males were dancing .
All the men present were wearing tuxedos .
All the men were wearing dark suits
All the men were wearing dark suits and white shirts .
All the passengers got seasick during the storm .
All the people who were here have left .
All the photographs
All the photographs and videos of the aeroplane dropping teddy bears are claimed to be falsification and provocation by Belarusian authorities .
All the schoolmen forgot to read that book .
All the schoolmen shouted with joy .
All the stolen goods were recovered .
All the students are present .
All the students clapped their hands .
All the students forgot to read that bespeak .
All the students forgot to read that book .
All the students forgot to read that call for .
All the students forgot to read that hold open .
All the students forgot to read that keep .
All the students forgot to read that keep open .
All the students forgot to read that quest .
All the students forgot to read that request .
All the students forgot to read that save .
All the students shouted with cheer .
All the students shouted with cheer up .
All the students shouted with chirk up .
All the students shouted with experience .
All the students shouted with feel .
All the students shouted with joy .
All the students study English .
All the students study received pronunciation .
All the students study west germanic .
All the students study west germanic language .
All the teachers
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom is easy to get along with .
All the villagers know him .
All their great-grandparents were dead before Tom
All their great-grandparents were dead before Tom and Mary were born .
All their secrets have been revealed .
All these books are countermine .
All these books are mine .
All these books are reenforce .
All these books are reinforce .
All these cost ledgers are mine .
All these records are mine .
All those books are countermine .
All those books are mine .
All those books are reenforce .
All those books are reinforce .
All those cost ledgers are mine .
All those records are mine .
All travelings begin with a first~step .
All travellings begin with a first~step .
All travels begin with a first~step .
All unmarried men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All we need is a few more volunteers .
All we need is water .
All white men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All widowers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All widowmen die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All womanisers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All womanizers die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All wonder boys die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All yellow men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All you need to do is trust each~other .
All you should do is follow his advice .
All young bucks die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
All young men die . Tom is a man . Therefore , Tom will die .
Allan works on Tuesday
Allan works on Tuesday and Friday nights at the Konbini .
Alluding to Greece 's proposal ,
Alluding to Greece 's proposal , and other differences within the alliance , Albright said " there are a variety of ideas " among the diverse 19 NATO member nations .
Almost all the workers objected to working at night .
America ’s credit-driven capitalist model has suffered a warning heart attack
America ’s credit-driven capitalist model has suffered a warning heart attack and needs a total rethink .
Among these there may be new sources of food fish
Among these there may be new sources of food fish and new species of other creatures .
An Olympic boxing champion buys a very expensive jacket . He comes to the Olympic village
An Olympic boxing champion buys a very expensive jacket . He comes to the Olympic village and leaves his jacket in a dressing room with a sign saying " You take the jacket , I kill you . Olympic boxing champion . " In an hour he comes back to see his jacket gone , and another sign : " You catch me first . Olympic running champion . "
An excellent man : he has no enemies ,
An excellent man : he has no enemies , and none of his friends like him .
An excellent man : he has no him .
An historical event on Tatoeba : on July 12 , 2012 , Esperanto outstripped Japanese concerning the amount of phrases
An historical event on Tatoeba : on July 12 , 2012 , Esperanto outstripped Japanese concerning the amount of phrases and took the second place on the language poll .
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast . The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect . There is not enough time to consider all component parts .
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast . The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect . There is not enough time to consider all components .
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast . The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect . There is not enough time to consider all constituents .
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast . The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect . There is not enough time to consider all details .
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast . The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect . There is not enough time to consider all high spots .
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast . The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect . There is not enough time to consider all highlights .
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast . The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect . There is not enough time to consider all parts .
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast . The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect . There is not enough time to consider all portions .
An old man entered the old church with his elder son , his younger daughter
An old man entered the old church with his elder son , his younger daughter and her little baby .
An ostrich W.C. not fly any more than a kangaroo W.C. .
An ostrich can not fly any can .
An ostrich can not fly any more than a kangaroo can .
An ostrich closet not fly any more than a kangaroo closet .
An ostrich comfort station not fly any more than a kangaroo comfort station .
An ostrich convenience not fly any more than a kangaroo convenience .
An ostrich head not fly any more than a kangaroo head .
An ostrich loo not fly any more than a kangaroo loo .
An ostrich public convenience not fly any more than a kangaroo public convenience .
An ostrich public lavatory not fly any more than a kangaroo public lavatory .
An ostrich public toilet not fly any more than a kangaroo public toilet .
An ostrich restroom not fly any more than a kangaroo restroom .
An ostrich room not fly any more than a kangaroo room .
An ostrich toilet facility not fly any more than a kangaroo toilet facility .
An ostrich wash room not fly any more than a kangaroo wash room .
An ostrich washroom not fly any more than a kangaroo washroom .
An ostrich water closet not fly any more than a kangaroo water closet .
An own language for each nation
An own language for each nation and a second that 's shared by all .
And in the Indian~Ocean , some Maldives will disappear completely beneath the water .
And in the Indian~Ocean , some islands of the Maldives will disappear completely beneath the water .
And then Tom started shouting
And then Tom started shouting and told everyone to go home .
Andorra is a small principality situated between Spain
Andorra is a small principality situated between Spain and France .
André~Henri~Constant~van~Hasselt was born at Maastricht , in Limburg . He was educated in his native town ,
André~Henri~Constant~van~Hasselt was born at Maastricht , in Limburg . He was educated in his native town , and at the university~of~Liège .
Anglo/Dutch Royal~Dutch Shell , Total , of France ,
Anglo/Dutch Royal~Dutch Shell , Total , of France , and Spain 's Repsol were all named as examples of established oil companies involved in the oil-for-food programme before surcharges began in 2001 .
Anu Kepa was married for many years to Ro Teimumu Kepa , an Adi ( Fijian chief )
Anu Kepa was married for many years to Ro Teimumu Kepa , an Adi ( Fijian chief ) and politician in her own right . They had four children : Filipe , Sailosi , Jr. , Asenaca , and Tupoutu'a.
Apart from making love
Apart from making love and reading Flaubert , nothing is more enjoyable than coining translations on Tatoeba .
Apples are red
Apples are red or green .
Argentina , Chile , Uruguay , Paraguay
Argentina , Chile , Uruguay , Paraguay and Southern Brazil are part of the Southern Cone .
Argentina announced that it has decided to lift financial
Argentina announced that it has decided to lift financial and trade restrictions on imports from Britain that were imposed during the 1982 Falklands conflict .
Argentina sought UK expertise on privatization
Argentina sought UK expertise on privatization and agriculture .
Argentina sought help from Britain on its privatization program
Argentina sought help from Britain on its privatization program and encouraged British investment .
Artificial neural networks can be used to understand biological neural networks ,
Artificial neural networks can be used to understand biological neural networks , or to solve problems of artificial intelligence , without necessarily creating models of real biological systems .
As Tom told me , Esperanto has two enemies , ignorance
As Tom told me , Esperanto has two enemies , ignorance and prejudice .
As a boy I used to lie on my back
As a boy I used to lie on my back and look at white clouds .
As a boy I used to lie on my back on the grass
As a boy I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at the white clouds .
As a child , Mary particularly hated clowns
As a child , Mary particularly hated clowns and apes . To this day , in fact , that has not changed one bit .
As a prank , some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1 , 2
As a prank , some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1 , 2 and 4 on the sides of the goats . The teachers spent most day looking for goat number 3 .
As a prank , some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1 , 2 and 4 on the sides of the goats . The teachers spent most of the day looking for goat number 3 .
As a prank , some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1 , 2 and 4 on the sides of the goats . The teachers spent most of the sidereal time looking for goat number 3 .
As a prank , some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1 , 2 and 4 on the sides of the goats . The teachers spent most of the time unit looking for goat number 3 .
As a prank , some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1 , 2 and 4 on the sides of the goats . The teachers spent most of the unit of time looking for goat number 3 .
As far as I am aware , there were no cans of worms during the first semester .
As far as I am aware , there were no deep waters during the first semester .
As far as I am aware , there were no difficulties during the first semester .
As far as I am aware , there were no growing painss during the first semester .
As far as I am aware , there were no hydrae during the first semester .
As far as I am aware , there were no matters during the first semester .
As far as I am aware , there were no pressure points during the first semester .
As far as I am aware , there were no problems during the first semester .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the agenda .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the audit program .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the audit programme .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the blueprint .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the budget .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the design .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the docket .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the employee savings plan .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the guideline .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the idea .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the master plan .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the outline .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the pattern .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the pension account .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the pension plan .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the plan .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the plan of action .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the project .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the projection .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the regiman .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the regime .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the retirement account .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the retirement plan .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the retirement program .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the retirement savings account .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the retirement savings plan .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the road map .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the schedule .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the schema .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the scheme .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the stock purchase plan .
As far as I am concerned , I have no objection to the thought .
As far as I am concerned , I have no plan .
As far as I know , he is honest
As far as I know , he is honest and reliable .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the atomic theory .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the atomism .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the atomist theory .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the atomistic theory .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the blastogenesi .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the economic theory .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the explanation .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the field theory .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the holism .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the holistic theory .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the preformation .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the reductionism .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the scientific theory .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the structural anthropology .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the structural sociology .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the structuralism .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the theory .
As far as I know , there are no good books on the theory of preformation .
As far as I know , there are no theory .
As far as I know , there is no function .
As far as I know , there is no such computer memory unit .
As far as I know , there is no such function .
As far as I know , there is no such relation .
As far as I know , there is no such word .
As far as I know , there is no word .
As far as I know , there were no cans of worms during the first semester .
As far as I know , there were no deep waters during the first semester .
As far as I know , there were no difficulties during the first semester .
As far as I know , there were no growing painss during the first semester .
As far as I know , there were no hydrae during the first semester .
As far as I know , there were no matters during the first semester .
As far as I know , there were no pressure points during the first semester .
As far as I know , there were no problems during the first semester .
As far as the eye could reach , there was no life .
As far as the eye could reach , there was no sign of account .
As far as the eye could reach , there was no sign of autobiography .
As far as the eye could reach , there was no sign of chronicle .
As far as the eye could reach , there was no sign of hagiography .
As far as the eye could reach , there was no sign of history .
As far as the eye could reach , there was no sign of life .
As far as the eye could reach , there was no sign of profile .
As far as the eye could reach , there was no sign of story .
As he had no fire , he ate the fish raw .
As he had no way of making element , he ate the fish raw .
As he had no way of making fire , he ate the fish raw .
As in Eastern Europe , pollution in China is getting worse
As in Eastern Europe , pollution in China is getting worse and worse .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither bad in any scientific discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor bad in any discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor bad in any scientific disclosure .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor bad in any scientific discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor bad in any scientific revealing .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor bad in any scientific revelation .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor evil in any scientific discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor inadvisability in any scientific discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor liability in any scientific discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor quality in any scientific discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor undesirability in any scientific discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor unsoundnes in any scientific discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor unworthines in any scientific discovery .
As scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor worse in any scientific discovery .
As shown above , it is possible to obtain ample profit
As shown above , it is possible to obtain ample profit and customers with truly simple know-how that anyone can do !
As there was no auto , I had to walk home .
As there was no automobile , I had to walk home .
As there was no car , I had to walk home .
As there was no gypsy cab , I had to walk home .
As there was no machine , I had to walk home .
As there was no minicab , I had to walk home .
As there was no motorcar , I had to walk home .
As there was no taxi , I had to walk home .
As there were no cases , we closed the shop earlier .
As there were no clients , we closed the shop earlier .
As usual , he got up early in the morning
As usual , he got up early in the morning and jogged .
As wisdom grows ,
As wisdom grows , and so does pain .
As you know , I 've lost my job , so I 'm having trouble paying all bills .
As you know , I 've lost my job , so I 'm having trouble paying all my bills .
As you know , I 've lost my job , so I 'm having trouble paying all my flash cards .
As you know , I 've lost my job , so I 'm having trouble paying all my flashcards .
As you know , I 've lost my job , so I 'm having trouble paying all my show bills .
As you know , I 've lost my job , so I 'm having trouble paying all my show cards .
As you know , I 've lost my job , so I 'm having trouble paying all my signs .
As you know , I 've lost my job , so I 'm having trouble paying all my theatrical posters .
Assisting Gore are physicist Stephen~Hawking , Star~Trek actress Nichelle~Nichols
Assisting Gore are physicist Stephen~Hawking , Star~Trek actress Nichelle~Nichols and Gary~Gygax , creator of Dungeons~and~Dragons .
At any proportion , I did my duty .
At any rate , I did my duty .
At every .
At every goodbye my heart trembles with fear that you will never come back .
At every weekend , I am both tired and happy .
At least being sick gives you the perfect excuse to stay home
At least being sick gives you the perfect excuse to stay home and watch movies .
At school , Mary ignored me
At school , Mary ignored me and pretended that she did n't know me .
At that time , Tom was sitting between Mary
At that time , Tom was sitting between Mary and John .
At the 1932 Olympic Games in Los~Angeles , Didrikson won gold medals in the javelin ( Olympic record )
At the 1932 Olympic Games in Los~Angeles , Didrikson won gold medals in the javelin ( Olympic record ) and 80-meter hurdles ( world record ) , along with a silver in the high jump ( share of the world record ) .
At the best hotels , there is always someone at your beck
At the best hotels , there is always someone at your beck and call .
At the end of the path there was a mailbox . One day , there was an exciting letter in it ,
At the end of the path there was a mailbox . One day , there was an exciting letter in it , and it was for me .
At the moment , I have no plans to air .
At the moment , I have no plans to air travel .
At the moment , I have no plans to aviation .
At the moment , I have no plans to circumnavigation .
At the moment , I have no plans to commutation .
At the moment , I have no plans to commuting .
At the moment , I have no plans to crossing .
At the moment , I have no plans to driving .
At the moment , I have no plans to horseback riding .
At the moment , I have no plans to journey .
At the moment , I have no plans to journeying .
At the moment , I have no plans to junketing .
At the moment , I have no plans to leg .
At the moment , I have no plans to motion .
At the moment , I have no plans to move .
At the moment , I have no plans to movement .
At the moment , I have no plans to on the road .
At the moment , I have no plans to on tmy .
At the moment , I have no plans to peregrination .
At the moment , I have no plans to riding .
At the moment , I have no plans to roving .
At the moment , I have no plans to seafaring .
At the moment , I have no plans to stage .
At the moment , I have no plans to staging .
At the moment , I have no plans to travel .
At the moment , I have no plans to traversal .
At the moment , I have no plans to traverse .
At the moment , I have no plans to vagabondage .
At the moment , I have no plans to walk .
At the moment , I have no plans to wandering .
At the moment , I have no plans to water travel .
At the moment , I have no plans to wayfaring .
At the moment , I have no travel .
At the moment , you are entering your sentences in the wrong place . You should select " Contribute " at the top of the page
At the moment , you are entering your sentences in the wrong place . You should select " Contribute " at the top of the page and then " Add sentences " .
At the start of every weekend , I am both tired
At the start of every weekend , I am both tired and happy .
At the time there were any school .
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public period .
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public period of time .
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public school .
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public time period .
At the time there were no school .
At this school , there are no assemblages and children have no homework .
At this school , there are no assemblages and students have no homework .
At this school , there are no discussion sections and children have no homework .
At this school , there are no discussion sections and students have no homework .
At this school , there are no gatherings and children have no homework .
At this school , there are no gatherings and students have no homework .
At this school , there are no grades
At this school , there are no grades and children have no homework .
At this school , there are no grades and students have no homework .
At this school , there are no master classes and children have no homework .
At this school , there are no master classes and students have no homework .
At this school , there are no sections and children have no homework .
At this school , there are no sections and students have no homework .
At times , we 've struggled to keep the promise of liberty
At times , we 've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people .
Attack helicopters , Chinooks , armoured vehicles , cranes
Attack helicopters , Chinooks , armoured vehicles , cranes and a fire engine encircled the group .
Australian saltwater crocodiles can grow up to 23 feet long
Australian saltwater crocodiles can grow up to 23 feet long and frequently kill people .
Australian soprano Joan~Sutherland was dubbed " La~Stupenda " after a performance in Venice in 1960
Australian soprano Joan~Sutherland was dubbed " La~Stupenda " after a performance in Venice in 1960 and the label stuck for the rest of her career .
B . Franklin was an American statesman
B . Franklin was an American statesman and inventor .
BAT acquired production interests in the Ukraine , Hungary
BAT acquired production interests in the Ukraine , Hungary and Russia .
BEIRUT , Nov. 21 ( Xinhua ) -- Lebanese Industry Minister
BEIRUT , Nov. 21 ( Xinhua ) -- Lebanese Industry Minister and Christian leader Pierre~Gemayel was shot dead on a street in the suburb of Beirut on Tuesday , al-Jazeera TV channel quoted the Lebanese Interior Ministry as saying .
Baena~Soares was evacuated from the Sheraton~Hotel to the headquarters of the armed forces staff where he met with the " highest Salvadoran authorities , " according to diplomatic
Baena~Soares was evacuated from the Sheraton~Hotel to the headquarters of the armed forces staff where he met with the " highest Salvadoran authorities , " according to diplomatic and military sources ” .
Bangladesh , one of the world 's poorest countries , suffered a devastating drought
Bangladesh , one of the world 's poorest countries , suffered a devastating drought and famine in 1974 , which killed 1.5~million people . While trying to help starving villagers , he met a 21-year-old woman named Sufia~Begum , who was burdened by a tiny yet crushing debt , Yunus recalled in his autobiography , " Banker to the Poor . "
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all BWs .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all IWs .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all actions .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all bioattacks .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all biologic attacks .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all biological attacks .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all biological warfares .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all chemical operationss .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all chemical warfares .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all civil wars .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all hot wars .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all information warfares .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all international jihads .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all jehads .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all jihads .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all limited wars .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all military actions .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all psychological warfares .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all wars .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all wars of nerves .
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear~weapons , but is not against them in all world wars .
Be a sport
Be a sport and wake me up tomorrow at six~o'clock in the morning .
Beamon 's jump was a world record that eclipsed the previous record by 21 3/4 inches . The jump still stands as an Olympic record ,
Beamon 's jump was a world record that eclipsed the previous record by 21 3/4 inches . The jump still stands as an Olympic record , and stood as a world record until Mike Powell leapt 29 ' 4 1/2 " at the 1991 World Championships in Tokyo .
Because of modern communication
Because of modern communication and transportation systems , the world is getting smaller .
Because of the level of pollution which was said before , you can help the local environment by avoiding petrol-based means of transport , so you can both spend less money
Because of the level of pollution which was said before , you can help the local environment by avoiding petrol-based means of transport , so you can both spend less money and reduce the level of pollution .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all fans that I 'm pregnant .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all my aerophiles that I 'm pregnant .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all my aficionadoes that I 'm pregnant .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all my amorists that I 'm pregnant .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all my bacchanals that I 'm pregnant .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all my bacchants that I 'm pregnant .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all my fans that I 'm pregnant .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all my followers that I 'm pregnant .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all my groupies that I 'm pregnant .
Before it gets out in the media , I 'd like to announce to all my metalheads that I 'm pregnant .
Benjamin~Franklin was an American politician
Benjamin~Franklin was an American politician and inventor .
Benjamin~Franklin was an American statesman
Benjamin~Franklin was an American statesman and inventor .
Bert 's bisexuality was troubling Tom
Bert 's bisexuality was troubling Tom and excited Mary .
Betty fell in love with Tom
Betty fell in love with Tom and killed him .
Between men
Between men and women there is no friendship applicant . There is passion , enmity , worship , love , but no friendship .
Between men and women there is no friendship applier . There is passion , enmity , worship , love , but no friendship .
Between men and women there is no friendship possible . There is passion , enmity , worship , love , but no friendship .
Between men and women there is no possible . There is passion , enmity , worship , love , but no friendship .
Biking is becoming more
Biking is becoming more and more popular in North America .
Birds are singing here
Birds are singing here and there in the park .
Black bears are dangerous . They can
Black bears are dangerous . They can and do kill people .
Black money scandal , 11th of September , expenseuro , the Old Europe , Hartz IV , Madame Chancellor , fanmile , climatic catastrophe , financial crisis , wreckage bonus
Black money scandal , 11th of September , expenseuro , the Old Europe , Hartz IV , Madame Chancellor , fanmile , climatic catastrophe , financial crisis , wreckage bonus and citizen of anger are the last ten words of the year in Germany .
Bob gave Tina all collected , and kept only a few for himself .
Bob gave Tina almost all the stamps he had collected ,
Bob gave Tina almost all the stamps he had collected , and kept only a few for himself .
Bob waved to every one he behold .
Bob waved to every one he catch a glimpse .
Bob waved to every one he catch sight .
Bob waved to every one he comprehend .
Bob waved to every one he get a look .
Bob waved to every one he glimpse .
Bob waved to every one he lay eyes on .
Bob waved to every one he perceive .
Bob waved to every one he saw .
Bob waved to every one he see .
Bob waved to every saw .
Books occupy most of his assemblage .
Books occupy most of his gathering .
Books occupy most of his room .
Books occupy most room .
Both Nancy and Jane were absent from school .
Both Piotr and Lech are from Poland .
Both Tom and Mary are busy right now .
Both Tom and Mary are from Boston .
Both Tom and Mary are my friends .
Both Tom and Mary are teachers .
Both Tom and Mary blushed .
Both Tom and Mary were absent today .
Both Tom and Mary were born in Boston .
Both Tom and Mary were disappointed .
Both Tom and Mary were impressed .
Both Tom and Mary were screaming .
Both Tom and Mary were surprised .
Both Tom and adult female blushed .
Both Tom and female child blushed .
Both Tom and female offspring blushed .
Both Tom and foster sister blushed .
Both Tom and foster-sister blushed .
Both Tom and girl blushed .
Both Tom and girl wonder blushed .
Both Tom and individual blushed .
Both Tom and little girl blushed .
Both Tom and mortal blushed .
Both Tom and person blushed .
Both Tom and somebody blushed .
Both Tom and someone blushed .
Both Tom and soul blushed .
Both Tom and woman blushed .
Both agencies lead to the station .
Both he
Both he and I were members of that club .
Both his sisters are beautiful .
Both kangaroos and opossums are marsupial animals .
Both meanss lead to the station .
Both men and women won the tennis championship .
Both my father
Both my father and my brother are fond of gambling .
Both my mom
Both my mom and my dad are n't home right now .
Both of my sisters are married .
Both of my sisters are not married .
Both of the girls are wearing white suits .
Both of us are very fond of curry
Both of us are very fond of curry and steak .
Both of your daughters are very beautiful .
Both roads lead to the displace .
Both roads lead to the fort .
Both roads lead to the move .
Both roads lead to the station .
Both royal roads lead to the station .
Both the boys shouted out .
Both ways lead to the station .
Both your father
Both your father and I understand the consequences of your decision .
Bountiful departed San~Francisco 1 April 1944 for Honolulu , returned later that month ,
Bountiful departed San~Francisco 1 April 1944 for Honolulu , returned later that month , and sailed once more 1 May for the western Pacific.
Brazil is surrounded by ten countries
Brazil is surrounded by ten countries and the Atlantic~Ocean .
Brian took some Bengal roses .
Brian took some Cherokee roses .
Brian took some China roses .
Brian took some Japanese roses .
Brian took some Rosa banksias .
Brian took some Rosa caninas .
Brian took some Rosa chinenses .
Brian took some Rosa damascenas .
Brian took some Rosa eglanterias .
Brian took some Rosa laevigatas .
Brian took some Rosa moschatas .
Brian took some Rosa multifloras .
Brian took some Rosa odoratas .
Brian took some Rosa pendulinas .
Brian took some Rosa spithamaeas .
Brian took some baby roses .
Brian took some banksia roses .
Brian took some briars .
Brian took some briers .
Brian took some bushes .
Brian took some damask roses .
Brian took some dog roses .
Brian took some eglantines .
Brian took some ground roses .
Brian took some mountain roses .
Brian took some multiflora roses .
Brian took some multifloras .
Brian took some musk roses .
Brian took some roses .
Brian took some shrubs .
Brian took some summer damask roses .
Brian took some sweetbriars .
Brian took some sweetbriers .
Brian took some tea roses .
Bring me vinegar
Bring me vinegar and oil , please .
British mountaineer Alison~Hargreaves becomes the first woman to climb Mount Everest alone
British mountaineer Alison~Hargreaves becomes the first woman to climb Mount Everest alone and without oxygen tanks .
Brooks issued a statement to President Bush ,
Brooks issued a statement to President Bush , and NNSA ( National Nuclear Security~Administration ) employees , saying that he would resign " shortly " .
Brother or sister , both are siblings .
Burglars broke into our apartment
Burglars broke into our apartment and stole my wife 's fur~coat .
Buses run every minutes .
Buses run every ten New York minutes .
Buses run every ten blinks of an eye .
Buses run every ten flashes .
Buses run every ten heartbeats .
Buses run every ten instants .
Buses run every ten jiffies .
Buses run every ten minutes .
Buses run every ten split seconds .
Buses run every ten times .
Buses run every ten trices .
Buses run every ten twinklings .
Buses run every ten winks .
Bush does n't want to use mercenaries in Iraq
Bush does n't want to use mercenaries in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Bush loves China
Bush loves China and has no end in making war with it .
Bush loves China and has no goal in making war with it .
Bush loves China and has no intention in making war with it .
Bush will meet the presidents of Iraq
Bush will meet the presidents of Iraq and Syria in Tehran .
Bush won all fought .
Bush won all the wars he fought .
But for language , there would be no belief .
But for language , there would be no mainstream .
But for language , there would be no thought .
But his eyes were blue
But his eyes were blue and bright .
But if I 'm not willing to do it , I 'll tell myself
But if I 'm not willing to do it , I 'll tell myself or anyone else that unfortunately I 'm short of time , I do n't have the time .
By buying local companies , Philip~Morris
By buying local companies , Philip~Morris and its subsidiary inherit informal trade contacts cultivated under Soviet rule that may help to smooth any future chess moves east .
By buying local companies , Philip~Morris and its subsidiary inherit informal trade contacts cultivated under Soviet rule that may help to smooth any future moves east .
By buying local companies , Philip~Morris and its subsidiary inherit informal trade contacts cultivated under Soviet rule that may help to smooth any future plays east .
By buying local companies , Philip~Morris and its subsidiary inherit informal trade contacts cultivated under Soviet rule that may help to smooth any future turns east .
By buying local companies , Philip~Morris and its subsidiary inherit informal trade contacts cultivated under Soviet rule that may help to smooth any moves east .
By signing a contract , you agree to certain terms
By signing a contract , you agree to certain terms and conditions .
By simply changing the orientation of a house in relation to the sun , you can save up to thirty percent of the energy required
By simply changing the orientation of a house in relation to the sun , you can save up to thirty percent of the energy required or wasted for heating or cooling it .
By the 1940s , the qipao came in a wide variety of designs
By the 1940s , the qipao came in a wide variety of designs and fabrics , with an equally wide variety of accessories .
By this time next year , you will have visited all Japan .
By this time next year , you will have visited almost all the famous places in Japan .
By this time next year , you will have visited almost all the famous places in lacquerware .
C is the perfect " other extreme " to Python . It ’s the most low level of the mainstream programming languages ,
C is the perfect " other extreme " to Python . It ’s the most low level of the mainstream programming languages , and almost universally serves as glue between other languages and systems .
Call me now
Call me now and then .
Canada has thirteen provinces
Canada has thirteen provinces and territories .
Captains have responsibility for ship
Captains have responsibility for ship and crew .
Carelessness by contractors is a common cause of fire , including many fires that result in serious financial loss . It has been estimated that all fires result from ' on-going work ' , such as refurbishment , repair and construction .
Carelessness by contractors is a common cause of fire , including many fires that result in serious financial loss . It has been estimated that perhaps 20 - 25 % of all non-domestic fires result from ' on-going work ' , such as refurbishment , repair
Carelessness by contractors is a common cause of fire , including many fires that result in serious financial loss . It has been estimated that perhaps 20 - 25 % of all non-domestic fires result from ' on-going work ' , such as refurbishment , repair and construction .
Carl Sagan gathered information about our planet onto a disk
Carl Sagan gathered information about our planet onto a disk and sent it into space , so that other intelligent beings would find it .
Carl~Lewis won eighteen gold medals
Carl~Lewis won eighteen gold medals and set 21 world records .
Catastrophic floods in Europe endanger lives
Catastrophic floods in Europe endanger lives and cause human tragedy as~well~as heavy economic losses .
Cats that are completely white with blue eyes are always ,
Cats that are completely white with blue eyes are always , or nearly always , deaf .
Celestial~Seasonings was purchased by Kraft~Foods in 1984 which expanded the marketing of the brand both nationally
Celestial~Seasonings was purchased by Kraft~Foods in 1984 which expanded the marketing of the brand both nationally and internationally .
Centre-left voters in Italy have chosen Romano Prodi as the candidate who will challenge Prime~Minister Silvio Berlusconi in next year 's election . The former European~Commission president
Centre-left voters in Italy have chosen Romano Prodi as the candidate who will challenge Prime~Minister Silvio Berlusconi in next year 's election . The former European~Commission president and Italian PM won 73.5 % of votes , according to partial results of primaries .
Charlemagne is said to have sown both France .
Charlemagne is said to have sown the seeds of both Germany
Charlemagne is said to have sown the seeds of both Germany and France .
Charles~de~Gaulle retired as an earl
Charles~de~Gaulle retired as an earl and died in November . He wished a simple funeral for himself : he would be buried in his village in a seventy-two dollar oak coffin , borne to his grave by his fellow villagers-a butcher 's assistant , a cheesemaker , and a farmhand .
Children need affection
Children need affection and love .
Children need love
Children need love and attention .
Children need not know every budget .
Children need not know every detail of the family balanced budget .
Children need not know every detail of the family budget .
Children need not know every detail of the family plan .
Children need not know every detail of the family program .
Children need not know every detail of the family programme .
China 's announcement of a rival Panchen Lama to the boy already recognized by the Dalai~Lama are indications that its Communist regime is desperate in using any means possible to strengthen control over Tibet
China 's announcement of a rival Panchen Lama to the boy already recognized by the Dalai~Lama are indications that its Communist regime is desperate in using any means possible to strengthen control over Tibet and Tibetan affairs .
China is the largest producer
China is the largest producer and consumer of coal in the world .
China shares borders with Pakistan , India , Afghanistan , Tajikistan , Kyrgyzstan , Kazakhstan , North~Korea , Laos , Vietnam , Nepal , Bhutan , Myanmar , Mongolia
China shares borders with Pakistan , India , Afghanistan , Tajikistan , Kyrgyzstan , Kazakhstan , North~Korea , Laos , Vietnam , Nepal , Bhutan , Myanmar , Mongolia and Russia .
Chinese food was served in small portions which did not require cutting with a knife
Chinese food was served in small portions which did not require cutting with a knife or fork .
Chirac needed a new mandate for his government from the electorate ,
Chirac needed a new mandate for his government from the electorate , or a new left government was needed that could count on the support of the trade union bureaucracy
Chirac needed a new mandate for his government from the electorate , or a new left government was needed that could count on the support of the trade union bureaucracy and among the working class and so would encounter less resistance .
Christianity came to Armenia at the beginning of the first century
Christianity came to Armenia at the beginning of the first century and became an official religion in the year 301 .
Christopher~Columbus enjoyed the torrents of Pirate~Bay
Christopher~Columbus enjoyed the torrents of Pirate~Bay and would often go surfing there .
Christopher~Columbus once met the child in Sentence 47456
Christopher~Columbus once met the child in Sentence 47456 and opened his eyes to the world .
Christopher~Columbus once saw a UFO ,
Christopher~Columbus once saw a UFO , and ordered his men to fire his ship 's cannons at it .
Christopher~Columbus once walked into a McDonald's
Christopher~Columbus once walked into a McDonald's and ordered a Happy Meal . It did not make him happy , but he liked the toy .
Chrysler said it would recall 145,099 of its 2006 Dodge~Ram~1500 pickup~trucks to fix the passenger air~bag
Chrysler said it would recall 145,099 of its 2006 Dodge~Ram~1500 pickup~trucks to fix the passenger air~bag and seat~belt .
Claes was foreign minister of Belgium from 1992 until 1994 ,
Claes was foreign minister of Belgium from 1992 until 1994 , and secretary general of NATO from 1994 until 1995 , when he was forced to resign because of allegations of corruption related to improper contracts for Agusta helicopters approved by him while he was minister of economic affairs . For that he also lost his civil rights for numerous years .
Climate change is with us . A decade ago , it was conjecture . Now the future is unfolding before our eyes . Canada 's Inuit see it in disappearing Arctic ice
Climate change is with us . A decade ago , it was conjecture . Now the future is unfolding before our eyes . Canada 's Inuit see it in disappearing Arctic ice and permafrost .
Climate~change is real
Climate~change is real and it 's caused by humans .
Clinton , who tops every contenders , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential champions , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential champs , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential comers , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential contenders , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential contestants , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential enemies , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential favorites , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential favourites , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential finalists , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential foes , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential front-runners , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential kings , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential queens , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential runner-ups , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential scratches , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential second bests , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential semifinalists , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential street fighters , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential tiers , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential tilters , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential title-holders , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Clinton , who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential world-beaters , has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Close the door
Close the door and open the window !
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some blow .
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy blow .
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy happening .
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy natural event .
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy occurrence .
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy occurrent .
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy whammy .
Coffee~beans are not beans , but seeds ,
Coffee~beans are not beans , but seeds , and peanuts are not nuts , but beans .
Col. Gadaffi has separately opened an action against the US
Col. Gadaffi has separately opened an action against the US and Britain at the World~Court accusing them of breaking international law .
Cold , wet
Cold , wet and wild weather with the possibility of a dusting of snow has been forecast for this weekend .
Colloquial language is not necessarily a grammatical
Colloquial language is not necessarily a grammatical and stylistic questionable form of expression . There is no doubt a cultivated variety of it which I really find to my liking .
Columbus , Ericson ,
Columbus , Ericson , and Magellan once walked into a bar . Only Columbus walked out .
Come along with me
Come along with me and go fishing .
Come on in
Come on in and make yourself at home .
Commander Thomas~Karremans , who was in charge of Dutch troops in Srebrenica at the time , was filmed drinking a toast with war-crimes suspect
Commander Thomas~Karremans , who was in charge of Dutch troops in Srebrenica at the time , was filmed drinking a toast with war-crimes suspect and Serb general Ratko~Mladic .
Common sense tells us , however , that there is no easy set .
Common sense tells us , however , that there is no easy solution .
Common sense tells us , however , that there is no solution .
Compared with America
Compared with America or China , Japan is a small country .
Completely different from Tom was his boyfriend John , who was amicable
Completely different from Tom was his boyfriend John , who was amicable and philanthropic .
Computer software ( ELFIN ) designed to provide health information
Computer software ( ELFIN ) designed to provide health information and to monitor patterns of use and unmet need has been developed for the waiting area of health centres .
Conchita felt guilty for ruining Tom
Conchita felt guilty for ruining Tom and Mary 's relationship .
Conservationists fear that one of Namibia 's most precious resources , its abundant wildlife
Conservationists fear that one of Namibia 's most precious resources , its abundant wildlife and especially its threatened black rhinoceros , faces a major menace from poaching .
Conservative Leader of the Opposition David Cameron responded to the resignations by saying the government was " divided
Conservative Leader of the Opposition David Cameron responded to the resignations by saying the government was " divided and in meltdown " .
Considering all I 've eaten all day is just one slice of bread , I 'm not really all that hungry .
Contact my assistant if you have any marriage offers .
Contact my assistant if you have any marriage proposals .
Contact my assistant if you have any proposals .
Contact my assistant if you have any proposals of marriage .
Contact my assistant if you have any questions .
Corporate IT departments use robots for loading
Corporate IT departments use robots for loading and unloading memory tapes .
Cream is a white
Cream is a white and light~yellow liquid composed of concentrated proteins and fat .
Crime in Choir is an instrumental progressive rock band from San~Francisco . The founding lineup in the fall of 2000 consisted of Kenny Hopper , an early member of At the Drive-In , Jeff Hunt
Crime in Choir is an instrumental progressive rock band from San~Francisco . The founding lineup in the fall of 2000 consisted of Kenny Hopper , an early member of At the Drive-In , Jeff Hunt and Zach Hill of Hella .
Cuban Leader Fidel Castro sent a letter to United~Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan assuring him that Cuba will follow anti-terrorism treaties in the wake of last month 's terrorist attacks against New~York
Cuban Leader Fidel Castro sent a letter to United~Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan assuring him that Cuba will follow anti-terrorism treaties in the wake of last month 's terrorist attacks against New~York and Washington .
Culture shock tends to move through four different stages : wonder (
Culture shock tends to move through four different stages : wonder ( or the honeymoon period ) , frustration , depression
Culture shock tends to move through four different stages : wonder ( or the honeymoon period ) , frustration , depression and acceptance .
Currently , both of these projects have been realized .
Currently , both projects have been realized .
Currently in this area there are no active aggressions .
Currently in this area there are no active aggressivenesses .
Currently in this area there are no active animosities .
Currently in this area there are no active animuss .
Currently in this area there are no active antagonisms .
Currently in this area there are no active bad bloods .
Currently in this area there are no active belligerences .
Currently in this area there are no active belligerencies .
Currently in this area there are no active bitternesses .
Currently in this area there are no active class feelings .
Currently in this area there are no active galls .
Currently in this area there are no active hates .
Currently in this area there are no active hatreds .
Currently in this area there are no active hostilities .
Currently in this area there are no active rancors .
Currently in this area there are no active rancours .
Currently in this area there are no active resentments .
Currently in this area there are no hostilities .
D.H.~Lawrence is a novelist
D.H.~Lawrence is a novelist and poet .
Daddy , let 's make faces at each~other
Daddy , let 's make faces at each~other and see who can keep from laughing the longest .
Dan announced that he
Dan announced that he and Linda were getting divorced .
Dan fought a war
Dan fought a war and won it .
Dan invited Matt
Dan invited Matt and Linda to dinner .
Daniel , give Emet
Daniel , give Emet and the others my regards .
Danny has no beauty .
Danny has no sense of beauty .
Danny has no sense of example .
Danny has no sense of exemplar .
Danny has no sense of good example .
Danny has no sense of model .
David Golinkin is the editor
David Golinkin is the editor or author of eighteen books ,
David Golinkin is the editor or author of eighteen books , and over 150 responsa , articles , sermons and books .
David has a keen interest in aesthetics — the qualities that make a painting , sculpture , musical composition ,
David has a keen interest in aesthetics — the qualities that make a painting , sculpture , musical composition , or poem pleasing to the eye , ear , or mind .
Dawn breaks , which is no small change .
Dawn breaks , which is no small crackerjack .
Dawn breaks , which is no small entity .
Dawn breaks , which is no small freshener .
Dawn breaks , which is no small horror .
Dawn breaks , which is no small jimdandy .
Dawn breaks , which is no small jimhickey .
Dawn breaks , which is no small pacifier .
Dawn breaks , which is no small security blanket .
Dawn breaks , which is no small stinker .
Dawn breaks , which is no small thing .
Dawn breaks , which is no small whacker .
Dawn breaks , which is no small whopper .
Dawn breaks , which is no thing .
Days go by
Days go by and still no sign of Tom .
Days go by and still someone .
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++ .
Democracy exists where there is nobody so rich to buy another
Democracy exists where there is nobody so rich to buy another and nobody so poor to be supplied .
Despite having signed a secret pact , Italy failed to enforce all World~War~I .
Despite having signed a secret pact , Italy failed to enforce all its claims on foreign territories after World~War~I .
Dicaeopolis walks out of his house
Dicaeopolis walks out of his house and calls his slave .
Dick played piano
Dick played piano and Lucy sang .
Dima actually thought that midget child pornography is some subtype of child child pornography .
Dima actually thought that midget creation is some subtype of child creation .
Dima actually thought that midget creative activity is some subtype of child creative activity .
Dima actually thought that midget kiddie porn is some subtype of child kiddie porn .
Dima actually thought that midget kiddy porn is some subtype of child kiddy porn .
Dima actually thought that midget porn is some porn .
Dima actually thought that midget porn is some subtype of child porn .
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North~Korea .
Dirndl is a type of traditional dress that is worn in Southern Germany
Dirndl is a type of traditional dress that is worn in Southern Germany and Austria .
Diverting hundred of billions of dollars from fossil fuels into renewable energy
Diverting hundred of billions of dollars from fossil fuels into renewable energy and cutting energy waste would shave just 0.06 % off expected annual economic growth rates of 1.3 %-3 % .
Do me a favour
Do me a favour and shut up !
Do me a favour and shut up .
Do n't believe him . He lies left
Do n't believe him . He lies left and right !
Do n't come here again
Do n't come here again or we 'll definitely have a problem .
Do n't let mistakes demoralise you . Put them down to experience
Do n't let mistakes demoralise you . Put them down to experience and learn from them .
Do not use this product near a bathtub , sink , shower , swimming pool ,
Do not use this product near a bathtub , sink , shower , swimming pool , or anywhere else where water or moisture are present .
Doctors should keep abreast with all medicine .
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in alternative medicine .
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in complementary medicine .
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in learned profession .
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine .
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in preventive medicine .
Dr Wood led a courageous
Dr Wood led a courageous and committed team in the fight to save 28 patients suffering from between two and 92 per~cent body burns , deadly infections and delayed shock . As well as receiving much praise from both her own patients and the media , she also attracted controversy among other burns surgeons due to the fact that spray-on skin had not yet been subjected to clinical trials .
Dr Wood led a courageous and committed team in the fight to save 28 patients suffering from between two and 92 per~cent body burns , deadly infections and delayed shock . As well as receiving much praise from both her own patients and the psychic , she also attracted controversy among other burns surgeons due to the fact that spray-on skin had not yet been subjected to clinical trials .
Dr Wood led a courageous and committed team in the fight to save 28 patients suffering from between two and 92 per~cent body burns , deadly infections and delayed shock . As well as receiving much praise from both media , she also attracted controversy among other burns surgeons due to the fact that spray-on skin had not yet been subjected to clinical trials .
Dr. Felix Soto Toro ( born 1967 in Guaynabo , Puerto~Rico ) , is an astronaut applicant
Dr. Felix Soto Toro ( born 1967 in Guaynabo , Puerto~Rico ) , is an astronaut applicant and an Electrical Designs Engineer in NASA , who developed an electronic 3D measuring system .
Dropboxes are often handy , but Imogen of the Internet still emails things to herself because (
Dropboxes are often handy , but Imogen of the Internet still emails things to herself because ( and I quote ) " it 's vintage . "
Due to his courtesy
Due to his courtesy and his winning smile , Tom gets along well with both men and classes .
Due to his courtesy and his winning smile , Tom gets along well with both men and social classes .
Due to his courtesy and his winning smile , Tom gets along well with both men and socio-economic classes .
Due to his courtesy and his winning smile , Tom gets along well with both men and strata .
Due to his courtesy and his winning smile , Tom gets along well with both men and women .
Due to his courtesy and his winning smile , Tom gets along well with both women .
Due to overfishing , some fish stocks are now at perilously low levels .
Due to overfishing , some stocks are now at perilously low levels .
Due to the water shortage , all garden have died .
Due to the water shortage , all the flowers in the garden have died .
During lunch in the hotel dining room , the girl named Stella collapsed ,
During lunch in the hotel dining room , the girl named Stella collapsed , and when Dr. Stewart examined the body he said ...
During the 60s
During the 60s and 70s , she published her most famous books .
During the Golden Week holidays , many volunteers went to the quake
During the Golden Week holidays , many volunteers went to the quake and tsunami-hit areas in Tohoku .
During the Soviet~Union , there were two big newspapers - " Pravda "
During the Soviet~Union , there were two big newspapers - " Pravda " and Izvestiia . "
During the reign of Nero the Apostles Peter
During the reign of Nero the Apostles Peter and Paul were killed , who had come to Rome to preach .
During the vacation my sister
During the vacation my sister and I stayed at a small village at the foot of Mt.~Fuji .
EVERGLADES~NATIONAL~PARK , Fla. - On a clear , warm day recently , Dr. Thomas~Armentano picked his way through a stand of red mangroves near the southern edge of the Florida peninsula
EVERGLADES~NATIONAL~PARK , Fla. - On a clear , warm day recently , Dr. Thomas~Armentano picked his way through a stand of red mangroves near the southern edge of the Florida peninsula and stepped into a bone dry stretch of marl prairie littered with scores of uprooted , sun-bleached buttonwood trees .
Each Roman building has a name .
Each altar boy has received his diploma .
Each boy has received his certificate .
Each boy has received his certification .
Each boy has received his credential .
Each boy has received his diploma .
Each boy has received his higher national diploma .
Each boy has received his hnd .
Each building has a agnomen .
Each building has a language unit .
Each building has a linguistic unit .
Each building has a name .
Each construction has a name .
Each male has received his diploma .
Each male person has received his diploma .
Each of the three Jnrs got a prize .
Each of the three Jnrs won a prize .
Each of the three Jrs got a prize .
Each of the three Jrs won a prize .
Each of the three Juniors got a prize .
Each of the three Juniors won a prize .
Each of the three boys got a admire .
Each of the three boys got a consider .
Each of the three boys got a look up to .
Each of the three boys got a prize .
Each of the three boys got a reckon .
Each of the three boys got a regard .
Each of the three boys got a see .
Each of the three boys got a view .
Each of the three boys won a admire .
Each of the three boys won a consider .
Each of the three boys won a look up to .
Each of the three boys won a prize .
Each of the three boys won a reckon .
Each of the three boys won a regard .
Each of the three boys won a see .
Each of the three boys won a view .
Each of the three girls got a prize .
Each of the three male offsprings got a prize .
Each of the three male offsprings won a prize .
Each of the three man-children got a prize .
Each of the three man-children won a prize .
Each of us took hold of one end of the table
Each of us took hold of one end of the table and carried it to a corner of the room .
Each one of the three kids got a prize .
Each passing car threw up a cloud of dust .
Each player on the A-team has his own bat .
Each player on the social unit has his own bat .
Each player on the team has his own baseball bat .
Each player on the team has his own bat .
Each player on the team has his own club .
Each player on the team has his own lumber .
Each player on the unit has his own bat .
Each structure has a name .
Each time I see Mary , I learn something new
Each time I see Mary , I learn something new and important from her .
Early man used his fingers
Early man used his fingers and toes to count the animals he owned ,
Early man used his fingers and toes to count the animals he owned , or the measures of grain he had stored .
Edison , Dickson
Edison , Dickson and the other employees of Edison 's laboratory made progress on the design to a point .
Edoardo got really angry
Edoardo got really angry and threw the chair over onto the floor .
Egypt , Syria
Egypt , Syria and the members of the Gulf~Cooperation Council , namely Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , Saudi~Arabia and the United~Arab~Emirates , signed the Damascus Declaration after the 1991 Gulf~War to create a mechanism aimed at guaranteeing security in the Gulf region .
Einstein showed that mass can be converted into energy
Einstein showed that mass can be converted into energy and vice-versa .
Either he is wrong
Either he is wrong or I am .
Either turn down that noise
Either turn down that noise or turn it off .
Either you go now
Either you go now or I will make you go .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the ambushers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the attackers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the avengers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the beasts .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the bludgeoners .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the brutes .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the bullies .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the harassers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the harriers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the hooligans .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the iconoclasts .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the lapidators .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the marauders .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the night riders .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the nightriders .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the offenders .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the piranhas .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the predators .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the rapers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the rapists .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the retaliators .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the roughnecks .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the rowdies .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the ruffians .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the savages .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the shedders .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the slashers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the spillers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the stabbers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the stoners .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the toughs .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the vultures .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the wildcats .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the wolves .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the wrongdoers .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the yobboes .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the yoboes .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the yobs .
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had some attackers .
Elsa was anxious to learn all else .
Elsa was anxious to learn all she could , but Kisika much preferred childish games to anything else .
Emily is learning some Turki .
Emily is learning some Turkic .
Emily is learning some Turkic language .
Emily is learning some Turkish .
Emily is learning some Turko-Tatar .
Emily studied some .
Emily studied some Romanian .
English has been written using the Latin alphabet since around the ninth century . The spelling system
English has been written using the Latin alphabet since around the ninth century . The spelling system or orthography of English is historical , not phonological .
Environmental pollution triggered all Earth .
Environmental pollution triggered climatic changes all over Earth .
Environmental pollution triggered climatic changes all over concern .
Eriko worked so long
Eriko worked so long and so hard , without stopping to eat , that I feared she would faint .
Esperanto has no captions .
Esperanto has no exceptions .
Esperanto has no objections .
Europe 's economic environment has altered considerably over the last thirty years ,
Europe 's economic environment has altered considerably over the last thirty years , and the economies of European countries have progressively opened up to the global economy . As a result , the competitiveness of the European economies is dependent not just on production costs , but also on the performance of pension and social security systems guaranteeing security for the future .
Evaporation from oceans , lakes ,
Evaporation from oceans , lakes , and rivers creates 90 % of the water in air .
Even as we stand here tonight , we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq
Even as we stand here tonight , we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us .
Even at that early age the other children could probably tell there was something wrong , despite the fact that I never suspected anything of the sort ;
Even at that early age the other children could probably tell there was something wrong , despite the fact that I never suspected anything of the sort ; and this was to be the case for a long time to come .
Even now , many years after the cold~war , there is still much bitterness between Germans
Even now , many years after the cold~war , there is still much bitterness between Germans and Russian , especially in areas which were occupied by the Soviet~Union .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some people .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor Achaeans .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor Aeolians .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor Arcado-Cyprianss .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor Dorians .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor Ionians .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor country peoples .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor countryfolks .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor electorates .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor governeds .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor groupings .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor groups .
Even though America is a developed country , it still has some very poor people .
Even though Tom eats mostly junk~food , he rarely gets sick
Even though Tom eats mostly junk~food , he rarely gets sick and his BMI is in the normal range .
Even though Tom has a very demanding job , he always makes time for Mary
Even though Tom has a very demanding job , he always makes time for Mary and the kids .
Even though there is some Wales , it is doubtful if even half the population would .
Even though there is some evidence that support for an assembly - a centrepiece of nationalist demands - is gaining ground in Wales , it is doubtful if even half the population would .
Even though they look like it , a hedgehog , a mole , an otter , a rabbit
Even though they look like it , a hedgehog , a mole , an otter , a rabbit or an opossum are not rodents .
Even though we disagree on many things , there are some on .
Even though we disagree on many things , there are some things we agree on .
Every Alopex lagopu praises its tail .
Every Arctic fox praises its tail .
Every Friday night they went
Every Friday night they went and got liquored up .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the Archaeopteryx lithographicas .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the Ibero-mesorniss .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the Sinorniss .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the apodiform birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the aquatic birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the archaeopteryxes .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the archaeorniss .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the archeopteryxes .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the birds of passage .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the birds of prey .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the caprimulgiform birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the carinate birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the carinates .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the cocks .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the coraciiform birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the craniates .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the cuculiform birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the dickey-birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the dickeybirds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the dicky-birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the dickybirds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the flightless birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the flying birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the gallinaceans .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the gallinaceous birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the hens .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the nesters .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the night birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the nonpasserine birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the parrots .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the passeriform birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the passerines .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the piciform birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the protoaviss .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the raptorial birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the raptors .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the ratite birds .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the ratites .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the trogons .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the twitterers .
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the vertebrates .
Every agent produces more than one effect .
Every attic is a door .
Every body around here calls me Tom .
Every body but Tom smiled .
Every body but adult male smiled .
Every body but blighter smiled .
Every body but bloke smiled .
Every body but boy smiled .
Every body but boy wonder smiled .
Every body but chap smiled .
Every body but cus smiled .
Every body but fella smiled .
Every body but feller smiled .
Every body but fellow smiled .
Every body but foster brother smiled .
Every body but foster-brother smiled .
Every body but gent smiled .
Every body but individual smiled .
Every body but lad smiled .
Every body but macho smiled .
Every body but male child smiled .
Every body but male offspring smiled .
Every body but man smiled .
Every body but man-child smiled .
Every body but mortal smiled .
Every body but mother's son smiled .
Every body but person smiled .
Every body but sirrah smiled .
Every body but somebody smiled .
Every body but someone smiled .
Every body but soul smiled .
Every body except Joe went to the party .
Every body in the community knew him .
Every body in the moshav knew him .
Every body in the picture is smiling happily .
Every body in the village knew boy wonder .
Every body in the village knew him .
Every body in the village knew individual .
Every body in the village knew mortal .
Every body in the village knew person .
Every body in the village knew somebody .
Every body in the village knew someone .
Every body in the village knew soul .
Every body that came to the street was surprised .
Every body who was anybody was there .
Every boss has his
Every boss has his or her favorite employee .
Every canid praises its tail .
Every canine praises its tail .
Every cause produces more than one act .
Every cause produces more than one backdate .
Every cause produces more than one effect .
Every cause produces more than one move .
Every child bowed to the bahai .
Every child bowed to the educator .
Every child bowed to the pedagog .
Every child bowed to the pedagogue .
Every child bowed to the teacher .
Every child needs someone to admire
Every child needs someone to admire and emulate .
Every combat ship needs an anchor .
Every day , it 's getting hotter
Every day , it 's getting hotter and hotter .
Every day I either ride a bike
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work .
Every day I either ride a bike or get the network topologies to work .
Every day I either ride a bike or get the topologies to work .
Every day Mary took baskets full of bread to the poor
Every day Mary took baskets full of bread to the poor and cared for the sick .
Every day the girls used to walk every village to look for work , after which they would give the money they found to their mother .
Every day the girls used to walk to the village to look for work , after which they would give the money they found to their mother .
Every day they killed a llama to make the Sun God happy .
Every day they killed a llama to make the Sun higher-up happy .
Every day they killed a llama to make the Sun superior happy .
Every day they killed a llama to make the Sun superordinate happy .
Every divider is a door .
Every fox praises its appendage .
Every fox praises its bob .
Every fox praises its bobtail .
Every fox praises its dock .
Every fox praises its outgrowth .
Every fox praises its process .
Every fox praises its tail .
Every gun that is made , every warship launched , every rocket fired signifies , in the final sense , a theft from those who hunger
Every gun that is made , every warship launched , every rocket fired signifies , in the final sense , a theft from those who hunger and are not fed , those who are cold and not clothed . This world in arms is not spending money alone . It is spending the sweat of its laborers , the genius of its scientists , the hopes of its children .
Every house on our street was blue except ours .
Every juvenile bowed to the teacher .
Every juvenile person bowed to the teacher .
Every little boy needs a hero .
Every member of the club was present .
Every mother 's dream is for her son to be a doctor
Every mother 's dream is for her son to be a doctor or a lawyer .
Every night of the year a minimum of 140 men who would otherwise be homeless ,
Every night of the year a minimum of 140 men who would otherwise be homeless , and who are homeless when they come to us are sleeping in clean beds in the Salvation Army 's two Adult~Rehabilitation~Centers here in the Valley .
Every non-trivial program has at~least one bug .
Every one but Jim came .
Every one but Tom is wearing a hat .
Every one but Tom laughed .
Every one but adult male came .
Every one but adult male laughed .
Every one but blighter came .
Every one but blighter laughed .
Every one but bloke came .
Every one but bloke laughed .
Every one but boy came .
Every one but boy laughed .
Every one but boy wonder came .
Every one but boy wonder laughed .
Every one but chap came .
Every one but chap laughed .
Every one but cus came .
Every one but cus laughed .
Every one but fella came .
Every one but fella laughed .
Every one but feller came .
Every one but feller laughed .
Every one but fellow came .
Every one but fellow laughed .
Every one but foster brother came .
Every one but foster brother laughed .
Every one but foster-brother came .
Every one but foster-brother laughed .
Every one but gent came .
Every one but gent laughed .
Every one but individual came .
Every one but individual laughed .
Every one but lad came .
Every one but lad laughed .
Every one but macho came .
Every one but macho laughed .
Every one but male child came .
Every one but male child laughed .
Every one but male offspring came .
Every one but male offspring laughed .
Every one but man came .
Every one but man laughed .
Every one but man-child came .
Every one but man-child laughed .
Every one but mortal came .
Every one but mortal laughed .
Every one but mother's son came .
Every one but mother's son laughed .
Every one but person came .
Every one but person laughed .
Every one but sirrah came .
Every one but sirrah laughed .
Every one but somebody came .
Every one but somebody laughed .
Every one but someone came .
Every one but someone laughed .
Every one but soul came .
Every one but soul laughed .
Every one except Tom
Every one except Tom and Mary are already here .
Every one except Tom and Mary have already gone home .
Every one except Tom and Mary left .
Every one except Tom is already here .
Every one except Tom looked tired .
Every one except Tom was wearing a tie .
Every one in the village called her Little~Green~Riding~Hood .
Every part of the island has been explored .
Every partition is a door .
Every physical entity produces more than one effect .
Every picaninny bowed to the teacher .
Every piccaninny bowed to the teacher .
Every pickaninny bowed to the teacher .
Every plant needs water
Every plant needs water and light .
Every politician must be responsive to complaints from the public ,
Every politician must be responsive to complaints from the public , or he or she will become inflexible
Every politician must be responsive to complaints from the public , or he or she will become inflexible and make disastrous decisions .
Every ship needs an anchor .
Every ship needs an claw .
Every ship needs an grapnel .
Every ship needs an grapnel anchor .
Every ship needs an hook .
Every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of mittelschmerz .
Every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of pain .
Every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of phantom limb pain .
Every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of somaesthesium .
Every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of somatesthesium .
Every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of somatic sensation .
Every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of somesthesium .
Every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of twinge .
Every vessel needs an anchor .
Every wall is a car door .
Every wall is a door .
Every wall is a movable barrier .
Every war vessel needs an anchor .
Every warship needs an anchor .
Every watercraft needs an anchor .
Every white fox praises its tail .
Every year , the organisation organises a number of every volunteers who go door-to-door to sell Frisian books .
Every year , the organisation organises a number of meetings of volunteers who go door-to-door to sell Frisian books .
Everybody knows that he likes her
Everybody knows that he likes her and vice versa .
Everyone believes his story since there is no circumstantial evidence to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no corpus delictus to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no corroborating evidence to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no direct evidence to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no evidence to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no exhibit to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no hearsay evidence to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no indirect evidence to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no info to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no information to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no state's evidence to the contrary .
Everyone believes his story since there is no testimony to the contrary .
Everyone brings out the choice wine first
Everyone brings out the choice wine first and then the cheaper wine after the guests have had too much .
Everyone formed couples
Everyone formed couples and began dancing .
Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free
Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible .
Everyone has left except Tom
Everyone has left except Tom and Mary .
Everyone has strengths
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses .
Everyone has the right to education . Education shall be free , at least in the elementary
Everyone has the right to education . Education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages . Elementary education shall be compulsory . Technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all merit .
Everyone has the right to education . Education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages . Elementary education shall be compulsory . Technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit .
Everyone has the right to education . Education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages . Elementary education shall be compulsory . Technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of worthines .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any author .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the Gothic romancer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the abstracter .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the abstractor .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the alliterator .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the author .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the authores .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the biographer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the coauthor .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the commentator .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the communicator .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the compiler .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the contributor .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the cyberpunk .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the drafter .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the dramatist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the essayist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the folk writer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the framer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the gagman .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the gagster .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the gagwriter .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the ghost .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the ghostwriter .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the hack .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the hack writer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the joint author .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the journalist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the librettist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the literary hack .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the litterateur .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the lyricist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the lyrist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the novelist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the pamphleteer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the paragrapher .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the playwright .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the poet .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the poetiser .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the poetizer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the polemic .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the polemicist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the polemist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the reviewer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the rhymer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the rhymester .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the scenarist .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the scriptwriter .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the space writer .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the speechwriter .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the tragedian .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the versifier .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the word-painter .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the wordmonger .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the wordsmith .
Everyone has their own strong
Everyone has their own strong and weak points .
Everyone is a moon ,
Everyone is a moon , and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody .
Everyone is entitled to a social
Everyone is entitled to a social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration can be fully realized .
Everyone paired off
Everyone paired off and began dancing .
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious and inexpensive .
Everything changes very quickly
Everything changes very quickly and it calls for a new mindset among employees of today .
Everything is black
Everything is black and white in my bedroom .
Everywhere he went , he taught all , non-violence .
Everywhere he went , he taught love , patience ,
Everywhere he went , he taught love , patience , and most of all , non-violence .
Everywhere he went , he taught most , non-violence .
Ewald , now 74 , headed the East German Sports Federation from 1961 to 1988 . He was found guilty of making 142 East German sportswomen , mostly swimmers
Ewald , now 74 , headed the East German Sports Federation from 1961 to 1988 . He was found guilty of making 142 East German sportswomen , mostly swimmers and athletes , take banned performance-enhancing drugs .
Examples can be taken from the course materials
Examples can be taken from the course materials or can be texts that you found autonomously .
Experimenting on a raft anchored on the river Elbe , Alfred Nobel tries to make nitroglycerine safer to handle . Finds that the addition of kieselguhr turns nitroglycerine into a dough that can be kneaded ,
Experimenting on a raft anchored on the river Elbe , Alfred Nobel tries to make nitroglycerine safer to handle . Finds that the addition of kieselguhr turns nitroglycerine into a dough that can be kneaded , and calls it " dynamite " .
Experts say only about 15 percent of happiness comes from income , assets
Experts say only about 15 percent of happiness comes from income , assets and other financial factors .
Explain it to him all you like—he was always a fool
Explain it to him all you like—he was always a fool and will be one forever .
Explaining a joke is like dissecting a frog : Few people are interested ,
Explaining a joke is like dissecting a frog : Few people are interested , and the frog dies .
Facebook has now been invested with such significance in our society that a growing number of employers —
Facebook has now been invested with such significance in our society that a growing number of employers — and even some psychologists — are of the opinion that people who do n't have a profile on this social network are " suspicious " .
Fairy tales usually begin with the sentence " Once upon a time "
Fairy tales usually begin with the sentence " Once upon a time " and end with " ...and if they did n't die , then they still live today . "
Fear drives him , he plucks up courage
Fear drives him , he plucks up courage and throws himself into the roaring waves ; his powerful arms cut through the flow , and his God feels pity .
Features of the plan include the creation of a national fund for environmental protection , suspension of subsidies for cattle ranchers in the Amazon~Basin
Features of the plan include the creation of a national fund for environmental protection , suspension of subsidies for cattle ranchers in the Amazon~Basin and new controls on pesticides .
Feel the rhythm
Feel the rhythm and follow the beat .
Felipe has two cars
Felipe has two cars and one motorcycle .
Feminists believe in all genders .
Feminists believe in the political , social ,
Feminists believe in the political , social , and economic equality of all feminines .
Feminists believe in the political , social , and economic equality of all genders .
Feminists believe in the political , social , and economic equality of all grammatical categories .
Feminists believe in the political , social , and economic equality of all masculines .
Feminists believe in the political , social , and economic equality of all neuters .
Feminists believe in the political , social , and economic equality of all syntactic categories .
FermiLab 's goal is to ensure that if a program runs
FermiLab 's goal is to ensure that if a program runs and is certified on RedHat Enterprise , then it will run on the corresponding Fermi Linux~LTS release . They have built Fermi Linux~LTS for Fermilab 's use , and that is their ultimate goal .
Fernando Henrique Cardoso is a Brazilian former Senate leader
Fernando Henrique Cardoso is a Brazilian former Senate leader and Cabinet minister .
Finally , in 1314 , these games had become so violent
Finally , in 1314 , these games had become so violent and dangerous that King Edward~II made a law .
Finally she gave in to temptation
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake .
Find mutual interests ,
Find mutual interests , and you will get along with each~other .
Fiona North , Ophthalmic~Adviser with the SHSSB added : Eye injuries caused by fireworks are extremely serious
Fiona North , Ophthalmic~Adviser with the SHSSB added : Eye injuries caused by fireworks are extremely serious and can permanently damage eyesight . I would urge those who are co-ordinating efficient firework displays to use appropriate eye protection .
Firefighters were called to The Memorial~Baptist Church shortly after 11~p.m.
Firefighters were called to The Memorial~Baptist Church shortly after 11~p.m. and found smoke billowing from its educational wing .
First , I should hear both acclivities .
First , I should hear both ascents .
First , I should hear both banks .
First , I should hear both cambers .
First , I should hear both cants .
First , I should hear both canyonsides .
First , I should hear both climbs .
First , I should hear both coasts .
First , I should hear both declensions .
First , I should hear both declinations .
First , I should hear both declines .
First , I should hear both declivities .
First , I should hear both descents .
First , I should hear both downslopes .
First , I should hear both escarpments .
First , I should hear both falls .
First , I should hear both formations .
First , I should hear both geological formations .
First , I should hear both hillsides .
First , I should hear both mountainsides .
First , I should hear both piedmonts .
First , I should hear both raises .
First , I should hear both rises .
First , I should hear both scarps .
First , I should hear both sides .
First , I should hear both ski slopes .
First , I should hear both upgrades .
First , I should hear both versants .
First Canadian
First Canadian and then Dutch peacekeepers were deployed in Srebrenica . Seven~hundred~and~fifty lightly armed UN peace-keepers were responsible for disarming Srebrenica 's Muslim defenders and deterring " Bosnian Serb attacks against the safe area . Two years later , a Serb flag flew where the UN 's once did and 7,079 Muslim men were missing .
First beat the eggs
First beat the eggs and add them to the soup .
First of all , I will ask you a few questions
First of all , I will ask you a few questions and then examine you .
Flevoland now has over 1,400 km² of land
Flevoland now has over 1,400 km² of land and over 400,000 inhabitants .
Floppy disks became obsolete long ago , but I still have some ,
Floppy disks became obsolete long ago , but I still have some , and I still use them .
Fold the napkins
Fold the napkins and put one by each plate .
Following a magnitude 8.3 earthquake in the Pacific~Ocean , Japan 's Meteorological Agency has issued a Tsunami warning for the north-eastern coast of Hokkaido
Following a magnitude 8.3 earthquake in the Pacific~Ocean , Japan 's Meteorological Agency has issued a Tsunami warning for the north-eastern coast of Hokkaido and a lesser warning for Honshu .
Following a steady flow of leaks
Following a steady flow of leaks and statements on apparently incriminating discoveries , her office has been gagged by senior legal authorities .
Following the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel , May 14 , 1948 , seven Arab states entered Palestine
Following the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel , May 14 , 1948 , seven Arab states entered Palestine and engaged Israeli forces .
Football is no girls !
Football is no sport for adult females !
Football is no sport for girls !
Football is no sport for lovers !
Football is no sport for women !
For a book to sell well , there needs to be a pretty adult female on the cover , and the book will sell all the better , the less cover there is on the pretty adult female .
For a book to sell well , there needs to be a pretty girl on the cover ,
For a book to sell well , there needs to be a pretty girl on the cover , and the book will sell all girl .
For a book to sell well , there needs to be a pretty girl on the cover , and the book will sell all the better , the less cover there is on the pretty girl .
For a book to sell well , there needs to be a pretty lover on the cover , and the book will sell all the better , the less cover there is on the pretty lover .
For a book to sell well , there needs to be a pretty woman on the cover , and the book will sell all the better , the less cover there is on the pretty woman .
For a delirious word there is no answer .
For a delirious word there is no feedback .
For a delirious word there is no rescript .
For a delirious word there is no statement .
For a while , I was really addicted to cola
For a while , I was really addicted to cola and drank it every day .
For a writer there is no dearth of backbiters .
For a writer there is no dearth of cynics .
For a writer there is no dearth of defamers .
For a writer there is no dearth of detractors .
For a writer there is no dearth of faultfinders .
For a writer there is no dearth of hatemongers .
For a writer there is no dearth of libelers .
For a writer there is no dearth of maligners .
For a writer there is no dearth of muckrakers .
For a writer there is no dearth of mudslingers .
For a writer there is no dearth of slanderers .
For a writer there is no dearth of traducers .
For a writer there is no dearth of vilifiers .
For a writer there is no detractors .
For all fame , he is un happy .
For all his belonging , he is not happy .
For all his belonging , he is un happy .
For all his holding , he is not happy .
For all his holding , he is un happy .
For all his money , he is not happy .
For all his money , he is un happy .
For all his property , he is not happy .
For all his property , he is un happy .
For all his wealth
For all his wealth , he is not happy .
For all his wealth , he is un happy .
For all his wealth and fame , he is un happy .
For all his wealth and honmy , he is un happy .
For all his wealth and honor , he is un happy .
For all his wealth and laurel , he is un happy .
For all wealth , he is not happy .
For all wealth , he is un happy .
For every action there is an equal
For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction .
For every group action there is an equal and opposite regroup action .
For example , the fields of Western farmers feed the United~States
For example , the fields of Western farmers feed the United~States and many other parts of the world , and India 's irrigation systems have enabled that country to be self-sufficient in food production since 1974 . In addition , in many parts of the world dams have helped to remedy life-threatening problems such as poverty from lack of economic development , famine as a result of drought , devastation from floods , and continued disease from lack of potable water supplies .
For him , it always goes in one ear
For him , it always goes in one ear and out the other .
For me , alcohol is the worst enemy of women
For me , alcohol is the worst enemy of women and children .
For some contraindication I feel more alive at night .
For some fact I feel more alive at night .
For some indication I feel more alive at night .
For some other she shook her head .
For some reason
For some reason I feel more alive at night .
For some reason I talk to me dogs with an Irish accent .
For some reason or other she shook her head .
For some strange account I talk to me dogs with an Irish accent .
For some strange explanation I talk to me dogs with an Irish accent .
For some strange reason I talk to me dogs with an Irish accent .
For the first time in my life , I felt a pang of conscience , but there was no other category out .
For the first time in my life , I felt a pang of conscience , but there was no other way out .
For the first time in my life , I felt a pang of conscience , but there was no way out .
For the past month , we ’ve had no at~all .
For the past month , we ’ve had no snow at~all .
Foreign Carmakers Gain in Russia . The likes of Daewoo , Ford , Renault ,
Foreign Carmakers Gain in Russia . The likes of Daewoo , Ford , Renault , and more ca n't produce fast enough .
Forget the anxieties of life
Forget the anxieties of life and learn to relax .
Former Prime~Minister Rafik~Hariri , also a prominent anti-Syria political figure , was killed in a suicide~bombing in February last year , which led to rising anti-Syrian waves
Former Prime~Minister Rafik~Hariri , also a prominent anti-Syria political figure , was killed in a suicide~bombing in February last year , which led to rising anti-Syrian waves and the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon .
Forty-five percent of the bills examined were bipartisan ,
Forty-five percent of the bills examined were bipartisan , and 85 percent of the reviewed bills had Republican lead sponsors . 8221 ; Small business owners are disappointed by the Republican track record , particularly the lack of productivity in the Senate .
Four US cable companies , including industry leaders Comcast Corp
Four US cable companies , including industry leaders Comcast Corp and Time Warner Cable , have entered the fast-growing wireless arena through a joint venture with Sprint Nextel .
Four armed men held up the bank
Four armed men held up the bank and escaped with $ 4~million .
Four weeks passed away ,
Four weeks passed away , and Jane saw nothing of him .
Fourteen guests
Fourteen guests and five crew remained ill and in isolation when the ship arrived at Port Everglades , Fla. , according to a statement from Carnival Cruise Lines , a brand of Carnival~Corp.
France 's currency was the franc ,
France 's currency was the franc , and its symbol was ₣ . While it is no longer used in France , francs are still in use in some former French colonies such as Guinea .
France , Austria
France , Austria and Russia formed an alliance against Prussia .
France has a higher birthrate than most of Europe .
France has most Europe .
Frankie parceled out soup for each men .
Frankie parceled out soup for each of the homeless groupings .
Frankie parceled out soup for each of the homeless groups .
Frankie parceled out soup for each of the homeless homoes .
Frankie parceled out soup for each of the homeless human beings .
Frankie parceled out soup for each of the homeless humen .
Frankie parceled out soup for each of the homeless men .
Franz Liszt , a Hungarian composer who lived from 1811 to 1886 was the equivalent of a rock star in his day . His piano compositions were extremely popular
Franz Liszt , a Hungarian composer who lived from 1811 to 1886 was the equivalent of a rock star in his day . His piano compositions were extremely popular and he often gave concerts to his multitude of fans . Liszt was also the pioneer of many musical techniques , including the symphonic poem and the technique of transforming themes .
Franz Liszt created the concept of the " symphonic poem " . This is a composition for orchestra that uses music to describe nonmusical content . This could include , for example , people , legendary figures , landscapes ,
Franz Liszt created the concept of the " symphonic poem " . This is a composition for orchestra that uses music to describe nonmusical content . This could include , for example , people , legendary figures , landscapes , or paintings .
French is spoken in France
French is spoken in France and in some Italy .
French is spoken in France and in some parts of Italy .
From now until presidential election day in 2008 , the national fascination with the Clintons
From now until presidential election day in 2008 , the national fascination with the Clintons and their marriage will be central to the race . The media-industrial complex will again feed on the Clintons , their past and future .
From the Tokyo~International~Airport to Tokyo , you can take a train
From the Tokyo~International~Airport to Tokyo , you can take a train or an airport shuttle bus .
From the spring equinox the days become longer than the nights ,
From the spring equinox the days become longer than the nights , and living creatures are becoming full of life .
GM has initiated criminal investigations in Germany
GM has initiated criminal investigations in Germany and the US on the basis of their suspicions that Mr Lopez and his team stole confidential information before defecting to VW in March .
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is the author of " One~Hundred Years of Solitude " , The Autumn of the Patriarch "
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is the author of " One~Hundred Years of Solitude " , The Autumn of the Patriarch " and other novels .
Gabriel Garcia Marquez was a liberal thinker whose left-wing politics angered many conservative politicians
Gabriel Garcia Marquez was a liberal thinker whose left-wing politics angered many conservative politicians and heads of state . His job as a reporter for the Cuban news agency Prensa Latina , in 1960 , and and friendship with Fidel Castro resulted in his being ultimately denied entry to the United~States for political reasons .
Gadaffi has accused the USA
Gadaffi has accused the USA and Britain of breaking international~law .
Gardening has been popular for some academic years .
Gardening has been popular for some periods .
Gardening has been popular for some periods of time .
Gardening has been popular for some school years .
Gardening has been popular for some time periods .
Gardening has been popular for some years .
Gasoline prices affect all of alphabetic characters one way or another .
Gasoline prices affect all of letters of the alphabet one way or another .
Gasoline prices affect all of letters one way or another .
Gasoline prices affect all of us one way
Gasoline prices affect all of us one way or another .
Gasoline prices affect all us one way or another .
General Dynamics , the maker of land combat systems , warships
General Dynamics , the maker of land combat systems , warships and Gulfstream business jets , reported net earnings of $ 374m in the third quarter ,
General Dynamics , the maker of land combat systems , warships and Gulfstream business jets , reported net earnings of $ 374m in the third quarter , or $ 1.84 per share .
Genius is one per~cent inspiration
Genius is one per~cent inspiration and ninety-nine per~cent perspiration .
Genocides of the twentieth century killed all wars .
Genocides of the twentieth century killed more people than all the antagonisms .
Genocides of the twentieth century killed more people than all the enmities .
Genocides of the twentieth century killed more people than all the hostilities .
Genocides of the twentieth century killed more people than all the proxy wars .
Genocides of the twentieth century killed more people than all the wars .
German classes are held twice a week - on Mondays
German classes are held twice a week - on Mondays and Wednesdays .
Germany decided to not use any energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear activation energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear alternative energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear atomic energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear binding energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear chemical energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear electrical energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear electricity .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear energy level .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear energy of activation .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear energy state .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear heat .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear heat energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear mechanical energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear nuclear energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear physical phenomenon .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear radiant energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear radiation .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear rest energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear separation energy .
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear work .
Germany is known as a land of poets
Germany is known as a land of poets and philosophers .
Germany is known for being the country of poets
Germany is known for being the country of poets and thinkers .
Get back before midnight ,
Get back before midnight , or you will be locked out .
Get it ,
Get it , and put it on the fire .
Give Emet
Give Emet and the others a call .
Give Tom an inch
Give Tom an inch and he 'll take a mile .
Give a man a mask
Give a man a mask and he 'll tell the truth .
Give her these roses ,
Give her these roses , and she will be pleased .
Give me your money
Give me your money or else I 'll beat you up .
Give yourself to your work with body
Give yourself to your work with body and soul .
Go upstairs right now
Go upstairs right now and clean your room .
God created the heaven
God created the heaven and the earth .
God gave her a beautiful face
God gave her a beautiful face and sweet voice .
God surveyed the people ,
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of castigations .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of chastisements .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of corporal punishments .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of corrections .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of cruel and unusual punishments .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of detentions .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of disciplines .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of economic strangulations .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of imprisonments .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of medicines .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of musics .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of penances .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of punishments .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of self-abasements .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of self-mortifications .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of self-punishments .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of social controls .
God surveyed the people , and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them , but the rank odour of sticks .
God surveyed the people , and there was no punishments .
Goethe considered himself a happy man
Goethe considered himself a happy man and reported being happy for three weeks in his life .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his Pullman porters in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his barkeepers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his barkeeps in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his barmen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his bartenders in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his clerks in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his company men in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his copyists in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his copywriters in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his crewmen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his deliverers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his delivery boys in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his deliverymen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his dining-room attendants in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his dispatchers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his dog catchers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his employees in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his floaters in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his floorwalkers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his gardeners in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his gasmen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his gofers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his hired helps in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his hirelings in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his hires in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his jobholders in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his line workers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his liverymen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his mixologists in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his office boys in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his organization men in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his pensionaries in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his porters in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his potboys in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his potmen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his public servants in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his railroad men in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his railroaders in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his railway men in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his railwaymen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his registrars in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his restaurant attendants in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his sales representatives in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his sales reps in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his salespeople in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his sandwichmen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his scribes in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his scriveners in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his shopwalkers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his spotters in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his staff members in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his staffers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his stage technicians in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his stagehands in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his stock-takers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his stocktakers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his sweepers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his toll agents in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his toll collectors in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his toll takers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his tollers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his tollgatherers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his tollkeepers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his tollmen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his trainmen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his turncocks in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his typists in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his workers in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his working men in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his working people in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his workingmen in Europe .
Gonzales offers a bike to all his workmen in Europe .
Gonzales offers all employees in Europe .
Good nutrition is also a science
Good nutrition is also a science and , as such , can be learnt .
Good wine needs no Acalypha virginica .
Good wine needs no Acocanthera oblongifolium .
Good wine needs no Acocanthera oppositifolium .
Good wine needs no Acocanthera spectabili .
Good wine needs no Acocanthera venenatum .
Good wine needs no Adam's apple .
Good wine needs no Adenium multiflorum .
Good wine needs no Adenium obesum .
Good wine needs no African hemp .
Good wine needs no American angelica tree .
Good wine needs no American cranberry bush .
Good wine needs no American spicebush .
Good wine needs no Anadenanthera colubrina .
Good wine needs no Anagyris foetida .
Good wine needs no Anthyllis barba-jovi .
Good wine needs no Apalachicola rosemary .
Good wine needs no Aralia elatum .
Good wine needs no Aralia spinosa .
Good wine needs no Aralia stipulatum .
Good wine needs no Ardisia crenatum .
Good wine needs no Ardisia escallonoide .
Good wine needs no Ardisia paniculatum .
Good wine needs no Argyroxiphium sandwicense .
Good wine needs no Aristotelia racemosa .
Good wine needs no Aristotelia serratum .
Good wine needs no Aspalathus cedcarbergensi .
Good wine needs no Aspalathus lineari .
Good wine needs no Astroloma humifusum .
Good wine needs no Australian heath .
Good wine needs no Baccharis halimifolium .
Good wine needs no Baccharis pilulari .
Good wine needs no Baccharis viminea .
Good wine needs no Bassia scoparium .
Good wine needs no Batis maritima .
Good wine needs no Bauhinia monandra .
Good wine needs no Benjamin bush .
Good wine needs no Benzoin odoriferum .
Good wine needs no Biscutalla laevigatum .
Good wine needs no Brassaia actinophylla .
Good wine needs no Brazilian potato tree .
Good wine needs no Brugmansia arborea .
Good wine needs no Brugmansia sanguinea .
Good wine needs no Brugmansia suaveolen .
Good wine needs no Brunfelsia americana .
Good wine needs no Caesalpinia decapetala .
Good wine needs no Caesalpinia sepiarium .
Good wine needs no Cajanus cajan .
Good wine needs no California beauty .
Good wine needs no California redbud .
Good wine needs no Camellia sinensi .
Good wine needs no Canella winterana .
Good wine needs no Canella-alba .
Good wine needs no Catha eduli .
Good wine needs no Caulophyllum thalictrioide .
Good wine needs no Caulophyllum thalictroide .
Good wine needs no Cercis occidentali .
Good wine needs no Cestrum diurnum .
Good wine needs no Cestrum nocturnum .
Good wine needs no Chamaecytisus palmensi .
Good wine needs no Chamaedaphne calyculatum .
Good wine needs no Chile hazel .
Good wine needs no Chile nut .
Good wine needs no Chilean firebush .
Good wine needs no Chilean flameflower .
Good wine needs no Chilean hazelnut .
Good wine needs no Chilean nut .
Good wine needs no Chilean rimu .
Good wine needs no Chilopsis lineari .
Good wine needs no Chimonanthus praecox .
Good wine needs no Chinese angelica .
Good wine needs no Chinese angelica tree .
Good wine needs no Chinese holly .
Good wine needs no Chiococca alba .
Good wine needs no Christ's-thorn .
Good wine needs no Christmas berry .
Good wine needs no Christmasberry .
Good wine needs no Chrysolepis semperviren .
Good wine needs no Cineraria maritima .
Good wine needs no Clethra alnifolium .
Good wine needs no Codariocalyx motoriu .
Good wine needs no Codiaeum variegatum .
Good wine needs no Colutea arborescen .
Good wine needs no Combretum bracteosum .
Good wine needs no Comptonia asplenifolium .
Good wine needs no Comptonia peregrina .
Good wine needs no Conradina glabra .
Good wine needs no Cordyline terminali .
Good wine needs no Croton tiglium .
Good wine needs no Cycloloma atriplicifolium .
Good wine needs no Cyrilla racemiflora .
Good wine needs no Cytesis proliferu .
Good wine needs no Cytisus ramentaceu .
Good wine needs no Dacridium laxifoliu .
Good wine needs no Dalea spinosa .
Good wine needs no Dalmatian laburnum .
Good wine needs no Datura arborea .
Good wine needs no Datura sanguinea .
Good wine needs no Datura suaveolen .
Good wine needs no Desmodium gyran .
Good wine needs no Desmodium motorium .
Good wine needs no Diervilla lonicera .
Good wine needs no Diervilla sessilifolium .
Good wine needs no Dirca palustri .
Good wine needs no Dovyalis caffra .
Good wine needs no East Indian rosebay .
Good wine needs no Embothrium coccineum .
Good wine needs no Epigaea repen .
Good wine needs no Eriodictyon californicum .
Good wine needs no Eryngium maritimum .
Good wine needs no Erythroxylon coca .
Good wine needs no Erythroxylon truxiuense .
Good wine needs no Euonymus americanu .
Good wine needs no Euonymus atropurpureu .
Good wine needs no European cranberry bush .
Good wine needs no European cranberrybush .
Good wine needs no Fabiana imbricatum .
Good wine needs no Flacourtia indica .
Good wine needs no Francoa ramosa .
Good wine needs no Gaultheria shallon .
Good wine needs no Genista raetam .
Good wine needs no Geoffroea decortican .
Good wine needs no Georgia bark .
Good wine needs no German tamarisk .
Good wine needs no Graptophyllum pictum .
Good wine needs no Grewia asiatica .
Good wine needs no Griselinia littorali .
Good wine needs no Griselinia lucida .
Good wine needs no Guevina avellana .
Good wine needs no Guevina heterophylla .
Good wine needs no Hakea laurina .
Good wine needs no Hakea leucoptera .
Good wine needs no Hakea lissosperma .
Good wine needs no Halimodendron argenteum .
Good wine needs no Halimodendron halodendron .
Good wine needs no Hazardia cana .
Good wine needs no Hercules'-club .
Good wine needs no Hermannia verticillatum .
Good wine needs no Heteromeles arbutifolium .
Good wine needs no Hibiscus farragei .
Good wine needs no Himalaya honeysuckle .
Good wine needs no Ilex cornutum .
Good wine needs no Indian currant .
Good wine needs no Indian rhododendron .
Good wine needs no Indigofera tinctorium .
Good wine needs no Irish gorse .
Good wine needs no Jacquinia armillari .
Good wine needs no Jacquinia keyensi .
Good wine needs no Japan allspice .
Good wine needs no Japanese allspice .
Good wine needs no Japanese andromeda .
Good wine needs no Japanese angelica tree .
Good wine needs no Jerusalem thorn .
Good wine needs no Juneberry .
Good wine needs no Jupiter's beard .
Good wine needs no Kiggelaria africana .
Good wine needs no Kochia scoparium .
Good wine needs no Kolkwitzia amabili .
Good wine needs no Labrador tea .
Good wine needs no Lagerstroemia indica .
Good wine needs no Lambertia formosa .
Good wine needs no Larrea tridentatum .
Good wine needs no Lavatera arborea .
Good wine needs no Ledum groenlandicum .
Good wine needs no Ledum palustre .
Good wine needs no Leiophyllum buxifolium .
Good wine needs no Leitneria floridana .
Good wine needs no Lepechinia calycina .
Good wine needs no Lepidothamnus fonkius .
Good wine needs no Lepidothamnus laxifoliu .
Good wine needs no Leucothoe editorum .
Good wine needs no Leucothoe fontanesiana .
Good wine needs no Leucothoe racemosa .
Good wine needs no Leycesteria formosa .
Good wine needs no Lindera benzoin .
Good wine needs no Loiseleuria procumben .
Good wine needs no Lupinus arboreu .
Good wine needs no Lycium carolinianum .
Good wine needs no Lyonia ligustrina .
Good wine needs no Lyonia lucida .
Good wine needs no Lyonia mariana .
Good wine needs no Lysiloma sabicu .
Good wine needs no Madagascar plum .
Good wine needs no Mahernia verticillatum .
Good wine needs no Mahonia aquifolium .
Good wine needs no Mahonia nervosa .
Good wine needs no Malosma laurina .
Good wine needs no Medinilla magnifica .
Good wine needs no Melastoma malabathricum .
Good wine needs no Menziesia ferruginea .
Good wine needs no Menziesia pilosa .
Good wine needs no Microstrobos niphophilu .
Good wine needs no Myrica gale .
Good wine needs no Myricaria germanica .
Good wine needs no Mysore thorn .
Good wine needs no Nero's crown .
Good wine needs no New Zealand wine berry .
Good wine needs no Ochna serrulatum .
Good wine needs no Oregon grape .
Good wine needs no Oregon holly grape .
Good wine needs no Paliurus spina-christus .
Good wine needs no Parkinsonia aculeatum .
Good wine needs no Petteria ramentacea .
Good wine needs no Photinia arbutifolium .
Good wine needs no Pickeringia montana .
Good wine needs no Pieris floribunda .
Good wine needs no Pieris japonica .
Good wine needs no Pinckneya puben .
Good wine needs no Piptadenia macrocarpa .
Good wine needs no Pistacia lentiscu .
Good wine needs no Pithecellodium unguis-catus .
Good wine needs no Platylobium formosum .
Good wine needs no Playlobium obtusangulum .
Good wine needs no Plumbago europaea .
Good wine needs no Podocarpus nivali .
Good wine needs no Pogostemon cablin .
Good wine needs no Prunus cuneatum .
Good wine needs no Prunus laurocerasu .
Good wine needs no Prunus pumila .
Good wine needs no Prunus pumilla susquehana .
Good wine needs no Prunus spinosa .
Good wine needs no Prunus susquehana .
Good wine needs no Pseudowintera coloratum .
Good wine needs no Pyracantha .
Good wine needs no Pyxidanthera barbulatum .
Good wine needs no Quercus vaccinifolium .
Good wine needs no Radyera farragei .
Good wine needs no Retama raetam .
Good wine needs no Rhus laurina .
Good wine needs no Ribes grossularium .
Good wine needs no Ribes uva-crispa .
Good wine needs no Ricinus communi .
Good wine needs no Robinia hispida .
Good wine needs no Ruscus aculeatu .
Good wine needs no Russian cactu .
Good wine needs no Russian thistle .
Good wine needs no Russian tumbleweed .
Good wine needs no Salsola kali .
Good wine needs no Salsola kali tenuifolium .
Good wine needs no Salsola soda .
Good wine needs no Santolina chamaecyparissu .
Good wine needs no Sarcobatus vermiculatu .
Good wine needs no Sarcocephalus esculentu .
Good wine needs no Sarcocephalus latifoliu .
Good wine needs no Schefflera actinophylla .
Good wine needs no Schizophragma hydrangeoide .
Good wine needs no Scotch gale .
Good wine needs no Senecio cinerarium .
Good wine needs no Solandra guttatum .
Good wine needs no Solanum macranthum .
Good wine needs no Solanum quitoense .
Good wine needs no Solanum wrightius .
Good wine needs no Sparmannia africana .
Good wine needs no Sphacele calycina .
Good wine needs no Streptosolen jamesonius .
Good wine needs no Styphelia humifusum .
Good wine needs no Styphelia triflora .
Good wine needs no Symphoricarpos orbiculatu .
Good wine needs no Syrian bean caper .
Good wine needs no Tabernaemontana divaricate .
Good wine needs no Tasman dwarf pine .
Good wine needs no Telopea Oreade .
Good wine needs no Telopea speciosissima .
Good wine needs no Templetonia retusa .
Good wine needs no Thevetia neriifolium .
Good wine needs no Thevetia peruviana .
Good wine needs no Ulex europaeu .
Good wine needs no Viburnum dentatum .
Good wine needs no Viburnum lantana .
Good wine needs no Viburnum opulu .
Good wine needs no Viburnum prunifolium .
Good wine needs no Viburnum recognitum .
Good wine needs no Viburnum trilobum .
Good wine needs no Viminaria denudatum .
Good wine needs no Viminaria juncea .
Good wine needs no Weigela florida .
Good wine needs no West Indian snowberry .
Good wine needs no Wintera coloratum .
Good wine needs no Xylomelum pyriforme .
Good wine needs no Xylosma congestum .
Good wine needs no Ziziphus jujuba .
Good wine needs no Ziziphus lotu .
Good wine needs no Zygophyllum fabago .
Good wine needs no abelium .
Good wine needs no allspice .
Good wine needs no alpine azalea .
Good wine needs no alpine totara .
Good wine needs no amorpha .
Good wine needs no andromeda .
Good wine needs no angel's trumpet .
Good wine needs no arbutu .
Good wine needs no arrow wood .
Good wine needs no artemisium .
Good wine needs no banksium .
Good wine needs no barbasco .
Good wine needs no barberry .
Good wine needs no barilla .
Good wine needs no batoko palm .
Good wine needs no bean caper .
Good wine needs no bean trefoil .
Good wine needs no bearberry .
Good wine needs no beauty bush .
Good wine needs no belvedere .
Good wine needs no bird's-eye bush .
Good wine needs no bitter pea .
Good wine needs no bitter-bark .
Good wine needs no black bead .
Good wine needs no black greasewood .
Good wine needs no black haw .
Good wine needs no blackthorn .
Good wine needs no bladder senna .
Good wine needs no blolly .
Good wine needs no blue cohosh .
Good wine needs no blueberry .
Good wine needs no blueberry bush .
Good wine needs no blueberry root .
Good wine needs no box .
Good wine needs no boxthorn .
Good wine needs no boxwood .
Good wine needs no bracelet wood .
Good wine needs no bridal wreath .
Good wine needs no bridal-wreath .
Good wine needs no bristly locust .
Good wine needs no broom .
Good wine needs no bryanthu .
Good wine needs no buckler mustard .
Good wine needs no buckthorn .
Good wine needs no buddleium .
Good wine needs no burning bush .
Good wine needs no bush .
Good wine needs no bush hibiscu .
Good wine needs no bush honeysuckle .
Good wine needs no bush poppy .
Good wine needs no bushman's poison .
Good wine needs no butcher's broom .
Good wine needs no butterfly bush .
Good wine needs no butterfly flower .
Good wine needs no cajan pea .
Good wine needs no calliandra .
Good wine needs no camelium .
Good wine needs no camellium .
Good wine needs no candlewood .
Good wine needs no cannabi .
Good wine needs no caper .
Good wine needs no capsicum .
Good wine needs no capsicum pepper plant .
Good wine needs no caragana .
Good wine needs no caricature plant .
Good wine needs no carissa .
Good wine needs no casava .
Good wine needs no cassava .
Good wine needs no castor bean plant .
Good wine needs no castor-oil plant .
Good wine needs no cat's-claw .
Good wine needs no catclaw .
Good wine needs no catjang pea .
Good wine needs no chalice vine .
Good wine needs no chanal .
Good wine needs no chanar .
Good wine needs no chaparral broom .
Good wine needs no chaparral pea .
Good wine needs no cherry laurel .
Good wine needs no cinquefoil .
Good wine needs no clianthu .
Good wine needs no climbing hydrangea .
Good wine needs no coca .
Good wine needs no coca plant .
Good wine needs no coffee rose .
Good wine needs no columnea .
Good wine needs no common flat pea .
Good wine needs no consumption weed .
Good wine needs no coral bush .
Good wine needs no coralberry .
Good wine needs no corkwood .
Good wine needs no corkwood tree .
Good wine needs no coronilla .
Good wine needs no cotoneaster .
Good wine needs no cotton .
Good wine needs no cotton plant .
Good wine needs no cotton-seed tree .
Good wine needs no coville .
Good wine needs no coyote brush .
Good wine needs no coyote bush .
Good wine needs no crampbark .
Good wine needs no cranberry .
Good wine needs no cranberry bush .
Good wine needs no cranberry heath .
Good wine needs no cranberry tree .
Good wine needs no crape jasmine .
Good wine needs no crape myrtle .
Good wine needs no creosote bush .
Good wine needs no crepe flower .
Good wine needs no crepe gardenium .
Good wine needs no crepe jasmine .
Good wine needs no crepe myrtle .
Good wine needs no croton .
Good wine needs no crowberry .
Good wine needs no crystal tea .
Good wine needs no cupflower .
Good wine needs no currant .
Good wine needs no currant bush .
Good wine needs no cushion flower .
Good wine needs no cyrilla .
Good wine needs no dahl .
Good wine needs no daisy bush .
Good wine needs no daisy-bush .
Good wine needs no daisybush .
Good wine needs no daphne .
Good wine needs no day jessamine .
Good wine needs no derri .
Good wine needs no desert rose .
Good wine needs no desert willow .
Good wine needs no devil's walking stick .
Good wine needs no dhal .
Good wine needs no dog hobble .
Good wine needs no dog laurel .
Good wine needs no dombeya .
Good wine needs no dusty miller .
Good wine needs no dwarf golden chinkapin .
Good wine needs no elder .
Good wine needs no elderberry bush .
Good wine needs no ephedra .
Good wine needs no false azalea .
Good wine needs no false tamarisk .
Good wine needs no feijoa .
Good wine needs no feijoa bush .
Good wine needs no fetter bush .
Good wine needs no fetterbush .
Good wine needs no fever tree .
Good wine needs no fire bush .
Good wine needs no fire thorn .
Good wine needs no fire-bush .
Good wine needs no firethorn .
Good wine needs no five-finger .
Good wine needs no flame bush .
Good wine needs no flame pea .
Good wine needs no flannel bush .
Good wine needs no flannelbush .
Good wine needs no flat pea .
Good wine needs no flowering hazel .
Good wine needs no flowering quince .
Good wine needs no flowering shrub .
Good wine needs no fool's huckleberry .
Good wine needs no forestiera .
Good wine needs no forsythium .
Good wine needs no fothergilla .
Good wine needs no frangipani .
Good wine needs no frangipanni .
Good wine needs no fuchsium .
Good wine needs no furze .
Good wine needs no gardenium .
Good wine needs no gastrolobium .
Good wine needs no geebung .
Good wine needs no glandular Labrador tea .
Good wine needs no glasswort .
Good wine needs no glory pea .
Good wine needs no goldenbush .
Good wine needs no gooseberry .
Good wine needs no gooseberry bush .
Good wine needs no gorse .
Good wine needs no governor plum .
Good wine needs no governor's plum .
Good wine needs no greasewood .
Good wine needs no grevillea .
Good wine needs no ground-berry .
Good wine needs no groundberry .
Good wine needs no groundsel bush .
Good wine needs no groundsel tree .
Good wine needs no guelder rose .
Good wine needs no guinea flower .
Good wine needs no guinea gold vine .
Good wine needs no hamelium .
Good wine needs no haw .
Good wine needs no hawthorn .
Good wine needs no he-huckleberry .
Good wine needs no heath .
Good wine needs no hediondilla .
Good wine needs no helianthemum .
Good wine needs no hemp .
Good wine needs no hiccough nut .
Good wine needs no hiccup nut .
Good wine needs no highbush cranberry .
Good wine needs no hoary golden bush .
Good wine needs no holly-leaves barberry .
Good wine needs no hollygrape .
Good wine needs no honey bell .
Good wine needs no honey-flower .
Good wine needs no honeybell .
Good wine needs no honeyflower .
Good wine needs no honeysuckle .
Good wine needs no horsebean .
Good wine needs no hovea .
Good wine needs no huckleberry .
Good wine needs no huckleberry oak .
Good wine needs no hydrangea .
Good wine needs no impala lily .
Good wine needs no indigo .
Good wine needs no indigo plant .
Good wine needs no jasmine .
Good wine needs no joewood .
Good wine needs no joint fir .
Good wine needs no jujube .
Good wine needs no jujube bush .
Good wine needs no juniper .
Good wine needs no juniper bush .
Good wine needs no kali .
Good wine needs no kalmium .
Good wine needs no kapuka .
Good wine needs no kei apple .
Good wine needs no kei apple bush .
Good wine needs no kelpwort .
Good wine needs no kidney wort .
Good wine needs no kudu lily .
Good wine needs no lady-of-the-night .
Good wine needs no laurel cherry .
Good wine needs no laurel sumac .
Good wine needs no lavender .
Good wine needs no lavender cotton .
Good wine needs no leadwort .
Good wine needs no leatherleaf .
Good wine needs no leatherwood .
Good wine needs no lentisk .
Good wine needs no leucothoe .
Good wine needs no ligneous plant .
Good wine needs no lilac .
Good wine needs no lily-of-the-valley tree .
Good wine needs no lomatium .
Good wine needs no lotus tree .
Good wine needs no maikoa .
Good wine needs no makomako .
Good wine needs no male berry .
Good wine needs no maleberry .
Good wine needs no mallow .
Good wine needs no manzanitum .
Good wine needs no marlberry .
Good wine needs no marmalade bush .
Good wine needs no marsh tea .
Good wine needs no mastic .
Good wine needs no mastic tree .
Good wine needs no matrimony vine .
Good wine needs no mayflower .
Good wine needs no mesquit .
Good wine needs no mesquite .
Good wine needs no milk thistle .
Good wine needs no mimosa .
Good wine needs no minnie bush .
Good wine needs no minniebush .
Good wine needs no mock azalium .
Good wine needs no mock privet .
Good wine needs no moose-wood .
Good wine needs no moosewood .
Good wine needs no moss locust .
Good wine needs no mountain andromeda .
Good wine needs no mountain azalea .
Good wine needs no mountain devil .
Good wine needs no mountain fetterbush .
Good wine needs no mountain grape .
Good wine needs no mountain rimu .
Good wine needs no mucuna .
Good wine needs no mule fat .
Good wine needs no mutisium .
Good wine needs no naranjilla .
Good wine needs no native cranberry .
Good wine needs no native holly .
Good wine needs no native pear .
Good wine needs no needle bush .
Good wine needs no needle wood .
Good wine needs no needle-bush .
Good wine needs no needle-wood .
Good wine needs no needlebush .
Good wine needs no needlewood .
Good wine needs no negro peach .
Good wine needs no night jasmine .
Good wine needs no night jessamine .
Good wine needs no oleaster .
Good wine needs no ordeal tree .
Good wine needs no othonna .
Good wine needs no pachouli .
Good wine needs no palma christ .
Good wine needs no palma christus .
Good wine needs no paloverde .
Good wine needs no papoose root .
Good wine needs no papooseroot .
Good wine needs no patchouli .
Good wine needs no patchouly .
Good wine needs no pavonium .
Good wine needs no pea tree .
Good wine needs no pepper .
Good wine needs no pepper bush .
Good wine needs no pepper shrub .
Good wine needs no phalsa .
Good wine needs no philadelphu .
Good wine needs no pichi .
Good wine needs no pigeon pea .
Good wine needs no pigeon-pea plant .
Good wine needs no pincushion hakea .
Good wine needs no pink fivecorner .
Good wine needs no pinwheel flower .
Good wine needs no pitcher sage .
Good wine needs no pixie .
Good wine needs no pixy .
Good wine needs no poison arrow plant .
Good wine needs no poison bush .
Good wine needs no poison pea .
Good wine needs no potato tree .
Good wine needs no privet .
Good wine needs no privet andromeda .
Good wine needs no protea .
Good wine needs no puka .
Good wine needs no purple pea .
Good wine needs no pyracanth .
Good wine needs no pyxie .
Good wine needs no raetam .
Good wine needs no ramontchi .
Good wine needs no rauvolfium .
Good wine needs no rauwolfium .
Good wine needs no red angel's trumpet .
Good wine needs no red gram .
Good wine needs no red shrubby penstemon .
Good wine needs no redwood penstemon .
Good wine needs no retem .
Good wine needs no rhododendron .
Good wine needs no rock rose .
Good wine needs no rockrose .
Good wine needs no rooibo .
Good wine needs no ropebark .
Good wine needs no rose .
Good wine needs no rose acacium .
Good wine needs no rosebush .
Good wine needs no sabicu .
Good wine needs no salal .
Good wine needs no salt tree .
Good wine needs no saltbush .
Good wine needs no saltwort .
Good wine needs no sand cherry .
Good wine needs no sand myrtle .
Good wine needs no screw tree .
Good wine needs no sea eryngium .
Good wine needs no sea holly .
Good wine needs no sea holm .
Good wine needs no semaphore plant .
Good wine needs no senna .
Good wine needs no service tree .
Good wine needs no serviceberry .
Good wine needs no shadblow .
Good wine needs no shadbush .
Good wine needs no shallon .
Good wine needs no shiny lyonium .
Good wine needs no shrublet .
Good wine needs no shumac .
Good wine needs no silver-bush .
Good wine needs no silverbush .
Good wine needs no silversword .
Good wine needs no slipper plant .
Good wine needs no slipper spurge .
Good wine needs no sloe .
Good wine needs no smoke bush .
Good wine needs no smoke tree .
Good wine needs no southern arrow wood .
Good wine needs no sow thistle .
Good wine needs no spice bush .
Good wine needs no spiceberry .
Good wine needs no spicebush .
Good wine needs no spindle tree .
Good wine needs no spindleberry .
Good wine needs no spindleberry tree .
Good wine needs no spiraea .
Good wine needs no spirea .
Good wine needs no spurge .
Good wine needs no squaw root .
Good wine needs no squawroot .
Good wine needs no staff tree .
Good wine needs no stagger bush .
Good wine needs no staggerbush .
Good wine needs no stephanoti .
Good wine needs no stingaree-bush .
Good wine needs no stinking bean trefoil .
Good wine needs no strawberry bush .
Good wine needs no strophanthu .
Good wine needs no styrax .
Good wine needs no subshrub .
Good wine needs no suffrutex .
Good wine needs no sumac .
Good wine needs no sumach .
Good wine needs no summer cypres .
Good wine needs no summer sweet .
Good wine needs no sun rose .
Good wine needs no sunrose .
Good wine needs no swamp oak .
Good wine needs no sweet bell .
Good wine needs no sweet fern .
Good wine needs no sweet gale .
Good wine needs no sweet pepperbush .
Good wine needs no switch-ivy .
Good wine needs no tagasaste .
Good wine needs no tamarillo .
Good wine needs no tamarisk .
Good wine needs no tea .
Good wine needs no telegraph plant .
Good wine needs no thorn apple .
Good wine needs no three-seeded mercury .
Good wine needs no ti .
Good wine needs no tollon .
Good wine needs no toyon .
Good wine needs no trailing arbutu .
Good wine needs no trapper's tea .
Good wine needs no tree lupine .
Good wine needs no tree mallow .
Good wine needs no tree poppy .
Good wine needs no tree tomato .
Good wine needs no trumpet flower .
Good wine needs no tumbleweed .
Good wine needs no twist wood .
Good wine needs no twistwood .
Good wine needs no umbrella tree .
Good wine needs no undershrub .
Good wine needs no velvet-leaf .
Good wine needs no velvetleaf .
Good wine needs no wahoo .
Good wine needs no waratah .
Good wine needs no wax myrtle .
Good wine needs no wayfaring tree .
Good wine needs no weigela .
Good wine needs no western redbud .
Good wine needs no whin .
Good wine needs no white alder .
Good wine needs no white cinnamon tree .
Good wine needs no white titus .
Good wine needs no wicopy .
Good wine needs no wild cinnamon .
Good wine needs no wild peach .
Good wine needs no wild rosemary .
Good wine needs no wineberry .
Good wine needs no winged pigweed .
Good wine needs no winter hazel .
Good wine needs no winter sweet .
Good wine needs no witch alder .
Good wine needs no witch hazel .
Good wine needs no witch hazel plant .
Good wine needs no woody pear .
Good wine needs no woody plant .
Good wine needs no wych hazel .
Good wine needs no wych hazel plant .
Good wine needs no xylosma .
Good wine needs no yellow oleander .
Good wine needs no yerba santum .
Good wine needs no yucca .
Good words are worth much ,
Good words are worth much , and cost little .
Got up at six ,
Got up at six , and left home at seven .
Grandfather opened the car window
Grandfather opened the car window and aimed the gun at a bird .
Green fields
Green fields and spring sunshine - in the future , that is the image Germans will increasingly have to associate with Christmas .
Hackers find new ways of infiltrating private
Hackers find new ways of infiltrating private or public networks .
Half a loaf is better than no Boston brown bread .
Half a loaf is better than no English muffin .
Half a loaf is better than no Host .
Half a loaf is better than no anadama bread .
Half a loaf is better than no baked good .
Half a loaf is better than no bap .
Half a loaf is better than no barmbrack .
Half a loaf is better than no bread .
Half a loaf is better than no bread-stick .
Half a loaf is better than no breadstick .
Half a loaf is better than no brown bread .
Half a loaf is better than no bun .
Half a loaf is better than no caraway seed bread .
Half a loaf is better than no challah .
Half a loaf is better than no cinnamon bread .
Half a loaf is better than no cracked-wheat bread .
Half a loaf is better than no cracker .
Half a loaf is better than no crouton .
Half a loaf is better than no dark bread .
Half a loaf is better than no flatbread .
Half a loaf is better than no garlic bread .
Half a loaf is better than no gluten bread .
Half a loaf is better than no hallah .
Half a loaf is better than no light bread .
Half a loaf is better than no loaf .
Half a loaf is better than no loaf of bread .
Half a loaf is better than no matzah .
Half a loaf is better than no matzo .
Half a loaf is better than no matzoh .
Half a loaf is better than no naan .
Half a loaf is better than no nan .
Half a loaf is better than no onion bread .
Half a loaf is better than no quick bread .
Half a loaf is better than no raisin bread .
Half a loaf is better than no roll .
Half a loaf is better than no rye bread .
Half a loaf is better than no salt-rising bread .
Half a loaf is better than no simnel .
Half a loaf is better than no sour bread .
Half a loaf is better than no sourdough bread .
Half a loaf is better than no starch .
Half a loaf is better than no toast .
Half a loaf is better than no unleavened bread .
Half a loaf is better than no wafer .
Half a loaf is better than no white bread .
Half a loaf is better than no whole meal bread .
Half a loaf is better than no whole wheat bread .
Hamburg is Germany 's largest port
Hamburg is Germany 's largest port and also the third-largest port in Europe .
Hanako impressed the guests no less by her exotic beauty
Hanako impressed the guests no less by her exotic beauty and elegance than by her erudition and refined conversation .
Happiness and peace be granted to Germany , our fatherland . All the world longs for peace , reach your hand out to the peoples .
Happiness and peace be granted to Germany , our fatherland . all peace , reach your hand out to the peoples .
Harry put on his robe
Harry put on his robe and wizard hat .
Have patience for another day
Have patience for another day or two .
Having made it up , following a long quarrel , Tom
Having made it up , following a long quarrel , Tom and Mary found themselves in the middle of this sentence .
Having reached the rank of prime minister ,
Having reached the rank of prime minister , and with the enthusiastic support of the masses , it seems he is able to wield presidential powers .
Having seen my brother trembling before the urchins mocking him , I became anxious
Having seen my brother trembling before the urchins mocking him , I became anxious and angered at the same time .
Having studied Japanese , Jenny had no Japan .
Having studied Japanese , Jenny had no trouble in Japan .
Having studied lacquerwareese , Jenny had no trouble in lacquerware .
He 's a cheat
He 's a cheat and a liar .
He 's a good actor
He 's a good actor and he 's really cute too !
He 's active
He 's active and fit .
He 's arrogant
He 's arrogant and selfish .
He 's dark
He 's dark and handsome .
He 's either crazy
He 's either crazy or on drugs .
He 's got a large house
He 's got a large house and two cars .
He 's hungry
He 's hungry and thirsty .
He 's just as industrious as any other Etonian when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other Ivy Leaguer when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other Wykehamist when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other art student when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other auditor when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other catechuman when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other college boy when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other college man when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other collegian when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other crammer when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other enrollee when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other law student when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other major when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other medical student when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other medico when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other neophyte when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other nonachiever when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other nonreader when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other overachiever when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other passer when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other scholar when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other seminarian when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other seminarist when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other sixth-former when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other skipper when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other student when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other underachiever when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other underperformer when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any other withdrawer when he 's in class .
He 's just as industrious as any student when he 's in class .
He 's lazy
He 's lazy and dis honest .
He 's nervous
He 's nervous and gets scared easily .
He 's not such a great writer
He 's not such a great writer and I think he knows it .
He 's old
He 's old and crazy .
He 's open
He 's open and trusting .
He 's pathetic
He 's pathetic and stupid .
He 's stupid
He 's stupid and dis honest .
He 's tall
He 's tall and slim .
He 's written ten books , but has n't published any of them .
He 's written ten books , but has n't published any them .
He 's young
He 's young and single .
He abandoned his family
He abandoned his family and moved to Tahiti .
He abandoned his family and went to live in Tahiti .
He abandoned his wife
He abandoned his wife and children .
He accelerated his car
He accelerated his car and overtook me .
He always appeared to be ready to discuss anything
He always appeared to be ready to discuss anything and was very tolerant .
He applied for the job
He applied for the job and got it .
He arrived at Paris
He arrived at Paris and immediately started for London .
He asked us to bring him a television
He asked us to bring him a television and a fridge .
He ate all apple .
He ate all it .
He ate all of applied science .
He ate all of engineering .
He ate all of engineering science .
He ate all of it .
He ate all of technology .
He ate all of the apple .
He ate all of the apple tree .
He ate fruit
He ate fruit and vegetables .
He ate insects
He ate insects and spiders .
He ate it in no SCLK .
He ate it in no hmy .
He ate it in no indication .
He ate it in no meter reading .
He ate it in no prime time .
He ate it in no reading .
He ate it in no spacecraft clock time .
He ate it in no time .
He ate it in no time of day .
He ate only bread
He ate only bread and cakes .
He ate three
He ate three and said he could eat as many again .
He beat the odds
He beat the odds and was successful .
He became convinced of his own indispensability
He became convinced of his own indispensability and centrality to the process .
He blew all his big buck .
He blew all his big money .
He blew all his bundle .
He blew all his megabuck .
He blew all his money .
He blew all his pile .
He blew all his wealth .
He blew all money .
He bought a shield
He bought a shield and a sword .
He bought eggs
He bought eggs and milk from a farmer .
He bought himself a rope
He bought himself a rope and threw himself behind the moving train .
He broke his arm
He broke his arm and they had to put splints on it .
He broke with all his beings .
He broke with all his organisms .
He broke with all his relatives .
He broke with all relatives .
He called me about twenty minutes ago
He called me about twenty minutes ago and said that he was on his way .
He came , he saw -
He came , he saw - and did n't say anything .
He came to all apostle , and when the people asked him to explain the Blessed Trinity , he reached down to the ground and picked up a shamrock .
He came to the Irish with all the signs of an Christian , and when the people asked him to explain the Blessed Trinity , he reached down to the ground and picked up a shamrock .
He came to the Irish with all the signs of an apostle ,
He came to the Irish with all the signs of an apostle , and when the people asked him to explain the Blessed Trinity , he reached down to the ground and picked up a shamrock .
He caught me staring at him
He caught me staring at him and I blushed .
He chose every care .
He chose every word with anxiety .
He chose every word with care .
He comes to see my son now
He comes to see my son now and then .
He comes to visit us every now
He comes to visit us every now and then .
He cut some branches off the tree .
He cut some branchlets off the tree .
He cut some deadwoods off the tree .
He cut some limbs off the tree .
He cut some sprigs off the tree .
He cut some stalks off the tree .
He cut some stems off the tree .
He cut some tree branches off the tree .
He cut some twigs off the tree .
He devoted all his time to the study of cognition .
He devoted all his time to the study of history .
He devoted all his time to the study of knowledge .
He devoted all his time to the study of noesi .
He devoted all history .
He did n't know Shakespeare wrote Romeo
He did n't know Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet .
He did n't want to be cheated again ,
He did n't want to be cheated again , and was always on the alert .
He did n't want to take today 's test , so he made believe that he was sick ,
He did n't want to take today 's test , so he made believe that he was sick , and did n't go to school .
He does not have any at~all .
He does not have any relatives at~all .
He drank a cup of tea
He drank a cup of tea and then asked for another .
He dropped his wallet ,
He dropped his wallet , and now it 's mine .
He dropped the cup
He dropped the cup and broke it .
He drove carelessly
He drove carelessly and had an accident .
He escaped from prison thirty years ago
He escaped from prison thirty years ago and has been on the lam ever since .
He explained to me that he had no big buck .
He explained to me that he had no big money .
He explained to me that he had no bundle .
He explained to me that he had no megabuck .
He explained to me that he had no money .
He explained to me that he had no pile .
He explained to me that he had no wealth .
He fell asleep at the wheel
He fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident .
He fell asleep behind the wheel
He fell asleep behind the wheel and had an accident .
He fell asleep in class
He fell asleep in class and started snoring .
He fell asleep on the train
He fell asleep on the train and woke up in Germany .
He felt pain
He felt pain and compassion .
He finally yielded to the request of his wife
He finally yielded to the request of his wife and bought a house .
He finished drinking one beer
He finished drinking one beer and ordered another .
He flipped the switch
He flipped the switch and threw the room into brightness .
He flirts with every meets .
He flirts with every woman he crosses .
He flirts with every woman he intersects .
He flirts with every woman he meets .
He fluctuated between hope
He fluctuated between hope and despair .
He forgot a section of the speech
He forgot a section of the speech and had to improvise for a while .
He forgot all friends .
He forgot all of his Christians .
He forgot all of his friends .
He forgot part of his speech
He forgot part of his speech and had to ad-lib for a while .
He found a position as junior lawyer in Glogau in 1796 , then in 1798 in Berlin
He found a position as junior lawyer in Glogau in 1796 , then in 1798 in Berlin and in 1800 he became assessor in the province of Posen .
He found a public telephone
He found a public telephone and called a taxi .
He gave away all his money to charity .
He gave away all money to charity .
He gave away his entire fortune to an old friend 's daughter ,
He gave away his entire fortune to an old friend 's daughter , and expected nothing in return .
He gave each of them a pencil .
He gave each them a pencil .
He gave me food
He gave me food and money as well .
He gave me no dollars .
He gave me no less than five~thousand yen .
He gave me no less than ten dollars .
He gave me no yen .
He gave me some bread , also some milk .
He gave me some milk .
He gave the police a false name
He gave the police a false name and address .
He gave them food
He gave them food and money .
He gave us not only clothes but some money .
He gave us some money .
He gazed down at her
He gazed down at her and smiled .
He goes to school to study every day .
He goes to school to study every sidereal time .
He goes to school to study every time unit .
He goes to school to study every unit of time .
He got drunk
He got drunk and became talkative .
He got into the car
He got into the car and drove off .
He got no answer from her .
He got no her .
He got out his guitar after dinner
He got out his guitar after dinner and played some ballads for us .
He got out his guitar after dinner and played some beautiful Spanish Eddas for us .
He got out his guitar after dinner and played some beautiful Spanish ballads for us .
He got out his guitar after dinner and played some beautiful Spanish poems for us .
He got out his guitar after dinner and played some beautiful Spanish verse forms for us .
He got out of the bathtub
He got out of the bathtub and shout " Eureka ! "
He got up suddenly
He got up suddenly and walked out of the room .
He grew his beard
He grew his beard and hair in order to look old .
He had all leader .
He had all the attributes of a feature .
He had all the attributes of a leader .
He had an accident
He had an accident and broke his leg .
He had been very busy ,
He had been very busy , and still he came to help us .
He had earned a lot of money in New~York
He had earned a lot of money in New~York and went back to his hometown .
He had few friends
He had few friends and little money .
He had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay
He had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay and working conditions .
He had known some of them before the war .
He had known some them before the war .
He had lost all anticipation .
He had lost all expectancy .
He had lost all hope .
He had n't eaten anything the whole day
He had n't eaten anything the whole day and was hungry .
He had no Boswell to help him .
He had no Confederate to help him .
He had no Francophil to help him .
He had no Francophile to help him .
He had no Graecophile to help him .
He had no Jacobite to help him .
He had no New Dealer to help him .
He had no Roundhead to help him .
He had no Shavian to help him .
He had no Whig to help him .
He had no advocate to help him .
He had no advocator to help him .
He had no anglophil to help him .
He had no anglophile to help him .
He had no believer to help him .
He had no cheerleader to help him .
He had no corporatist to help him .
He had no difficulty explaining the detective story .
He had no difficulty explaining the murder mystery .
He had no difficulty explaining the mystery .
He had no difficulty explaining the story .
He had no difficulty in explaining the detective story .
He had no difficulty in explaining the murder mystery .
He had no difficulty in explaining the mystery .
He had no difficulty in explaining the story .
He had no difficulty in finding the behalf .
He had no difficulty in finding the function .
He had no difficulty in finding the office .
He had no difficulty in finding the part .
He had no difficulty in finding the place .
He had no difficulty in finding the role .
He had no difficulty solving the can of worm .
He had no difficulty solving the deep water .
He had no difficulty solving the difficulty .
He had no difficulty solving the growing pain .
He had no difficulty solving the hydra .
He had no difficulty solving the matter .
He had no difficulty solving the pressure point .
He had no difficulty solving the problem .
He had no difficulty swimming across the river .
He had no difficulty swimming across the stream .
He had no difficulty swimming across the watercourse .
He had no distinguishing attributes .
He had no distinguishing dimensions .
He had no distinguishing features .
He had no distinguishing properties .
He had no endorser to help him .
He had no enthusiast to help him .
He had no exponent to help him .
He had no features .
He had no free trader to help him .
He had no friend to help him .
He had no functionalist to help him .
He had no him .
He had no indorser to help him .
He had no loyalist to help him .
He had no mainstay to help him .
He had no maintainer to help him .
He had no more than 10,000 Japanese monetary unit .
He had no more than 10,000 yen .
He had no more than one~hundred yen with him .
He had no mystery .
He had no partisan to help him .
He had no partizan to help him .
He had no philhellene to help him .
He had no philhellenist to help him .
He had no pillar to help him .
He had no place .
He had no problem .
He had no proponent to help him .
He had no ratifier to help him .
He had no river .
He had no seconder to help him .
He had no stalwart to help him .
He had no subscriber to help him .
He had no sustainer to help him .
He had no sympathiser to help him .
He had no sympathizer to help him .
He had no toaster to help him .
He had no truster to help him .
He had no upholder to help him .
He had no verifier to help him .
He had no voucher to help him .
He had no wassailer to help him .
He had no well-wisher to help him .
He had no yen .
He had steak
He had steak and fried potatoes .
He had two
He had two or three rather competent assistants .
He had words with his friend
He had words with his friend and then struck him .
He handled the knife
He handled the knife and fork very well .
He has a cat
He has a cat and two dogs .
He has a lot of money , but has almost no Christians .
He has a lot of money , but has almost no friends .
He has a lot of money , but has no friends .
He has a son
He has a son and two daughters .
He has blue eyes
He has blue eyes and blond hair .
He has blue eyes and fair hair .
He has borrowed a clutch of bright ideas from Bill~Clinton 's favorite think-tank , the Democratic Leadership Council ,
He has borrowed a clutch of bright ideas from Bill~Clinton 's favorite think-tank , the Democratic Leadership Council , and endorsed Medicare reforms suggested by one of the Democratic~Party 's brightest luminaries , Louisiana's John~Breaux .
He has fully recovered
He has fully recovered and can already work again .
He has no at~all .
He has no books .
He has no chance of recovering .
He has no humor .
He has no less~than five English appointment books .
He has no less~than five English appointment calendars .
He has no less~than five English authorities .
He has no less~than five English bestiaries .
He has no less~than five English booklets .
He has no less~than five English books .
He has no less~than five English books of facts .
He has no less~than five English brochures .
He has no less~than five English catalogs .
He has no less~than five English catalogues .
He has no less~than five English catechisms .
He has no less~than five English copybooks .
He has no less~than five English curiosas .
He has no less~than five English folders .
He has no less~than five English formularies .
He has no less~than five English leaflets .
He has no less~than five English pamphlets .
He has no less~than five English pharmacopeias .
He has no less~than five English phrase books .
He has no less~than five English playbooks .
He has no less~than five English pop-up books .
He has no less~than five English pop-ups .
He has no less~than five English prayer books .
He has no less~than five English prayerbooks .
He has no less~than five English publications .
He has no less~than five English reference books .
He has no less~than five English reference works .
He has no less~than five English references .
He has no less~than five English review copies .
He has no less~than five English school texts .
He has no less~than five English schoolbooks .
He has no less~than five English songbooks .
He has no less~than five English storybooks .
He has no less~than five English text editions .
He has no less~than five English textbooks .
He has no less~than five English texts .
He has no less~than five English tomes .
He has no less~than five English trade books .
He has no less~than five English trade editions .
He has no less~than five English workbooks .
He has no less~than five English yearbooks .
He has no recovering .
He has no sense of bite .
He has no sense of bon mot .
He has no sense of caricature .
He has no sense of cartoon .
He has no sense of caustic remark .
He has no sense of content .
He has no sense of esprit de l'escalier .
He has no sense of fun .
He has no sense of gag .
He has no sense of humor .
He has no sense of imitation .
He has no sense of impersonation .
He has no sense of irony .
He has no sense of jape .
He has no sense of jest .
He has no sense of jeu d'esprit .
He has no sense of joke .
He has no sense of laugh .
He has no sense of message .
He has no sense of mot .
He has no sense of play .
He has no sense of pungency .
He has no sense of repartee .
He has no sense of ribaldry .
He has no sense of sarcasm .
He has no sense of satire .
He has no sense of sketch .
He has no sense of sport .
He has no sense of subject matter .
He has no sense of substance .
He has no sense of topper .
He has no servants at~all .
He has strong bones
He has strong bones and teeth .
He has two cats : one white
He has two cats : one white and one black .
He has two houses , one in Turkey
He has two houses , one in Turkey and another one in Germany .
He has two pencils . One is long
He has two pencils . One is long and the other one is short .
He heard a strange sound
He heard a strange sound and sprang out of bed .
He helped my mother
He helped my mother and my sisters .
He hopes he 'll win
He hopes he 'll win and I hope so too .
He ignored the speed limit
He ignored the speed limit and drove very fast .
He insulted me without any account .
He insulted me without any occasion .
He insulted me without any rational motive .
He insulted me without any reason .
He insulted me without any score .
He insulted me without any wherefore .
He insulted me without any why .
He is a doctor
He is a doctor and also a novelist .
He is a good swimmer
He is a good swimmer and also plays tennis well .
He is a lawyer
He is a lawyer and must be treated as such .
He is a poet
He is a poet and novelist .
He is a poet and statesman .
He is a self-professed linguaphile who speaks Serbian , English , German , Igbo ,
He is a self-professed linguaphile who speaks Serbian , English , German , Igbo , and French .
He is a teacher
He is a teacher and novelist .
He is a waiter
He is a waiter and also an actor .
He is always complaining of this
He is always complaining of this and that .
He is always here between 5
He is always here between 5 and 6~o'clock .
He is average height , is white , has brown hair
He is average height , is white , has brown hair and brown eyes .
He is by no desperate measures stupid .
He is by no dints stupid .
He is by no effectuations stupid .
He is by no escapes stupid .
He is by no expedients stupid .
He is by no fast tracks stupid .
He is by no implementations stupid .
He is by no instruments stupid .
He is by no means stupid .
He is by no open sesames stupid .
He is by no roads stupid .
He is by no salvations stupid .
He is by no stepping stones stupid .
He is by no teeth stupid .
He is by no tools stupid .
He is by no voices stupid .
He is by no wingss stupid .
He is caught between the devil
He is caught between the devil and the deep blue sea .
He is dead
He is dead and buried now .
He is either in London
He is either in London or in Paris .
He is friendly to us
He is friendly to us and wants our help .
He is getting some coffee .
He is getting some seed .
He is greedy
He is greedy and lazy .
He is known to all people in the town .
He is known to all the audiences in the town .
He is known to all the followerss in the town .
He is known to all the followings in the town .
He is known to all the groupings in the town .
He is known to all the groups in the town .
He is known to all the laities in the town .
He is known to all the people in the town .
He is known to all the temporalties in the town .
He is like some great writers , from Charles Dickens to William~Faulkner to Gabriel Garcia~Marquez : the insistence on the value of the local leads to the coupler .
He is like some great writers , from Charles Dickens to William~Faulkner to Gabriel Garcia~Marquez : the insistence on the value of the local leads to the coupling .
He is like some great writers , from Charles Dickens to William~Faulkner to Gabriel Garcia~Marquez : the insistence on the value of the local leads to the universal .
He is like some universal .
He is not any better than a politician .
He is not any politician .
He is not much better ,
He is not much better , and there is a little hope of recovery .
He is now either in Rome
He is now either in Rome or in Paris .
He is older
He is older and wiser now .
He is rich
He is rich and I am poor .
He is selfish
He is selfish and greedy .
He is tall ,
He is tall , and she is tall too .
He is up
He is up and about again .
He is very smart
He is very smart and yet not arrogant .
He just ate sushi
He just ate sushi and drank beer .
He keeps two cats : one is black ,
He keeps two cats : one is black , and the other white .
He kept his promise
He kept his promise and helped his brothers .
He kissed every party .
He kissed every pretty girl at the Jane Doe .
He kissed every pretty girl at the John Doe .
He kissed every pretty girl at the Richard Roe .
He kissed every pretty girl at the assignee .
He kissed every pretty girl at the assignor .
He kissed every pretty girl at the contractor .
He kissed every pretty girl at the individual .
He kissed every pretty girl at the intervenor .
He kissed every pretty girl at the litigant .
He kissed every pretty girl at the litigator .
He kissed every pretty girl at the mortal .
He kissed every pretty girl at the party .
He kissed every pretty girl at the person .
He kissed every pretty girl at the reversioner .
He kissed every pretty girl at the somebody .
He kissed every pretty girl at the someone .
He kissed every pretty girl at the soul .
He kissed every pretty girl at the tort-feasor .
He kissed every pretty girl at the tortfeasor .
He kissed every pretty girl at the vouchee .
He kissed me
He kissed me and then I slapped him .
He knew all together .
He knew more than all the school put together .
He knocked at the door again~and~again , but there was no answer .
He knocked at the door again~and~again , but there was no denouement .
He knocked at the door again~and~again , but there was no statement .
He knows neither of alphabetic characters .
He knows neither of letters .
He knows neither of letters of the alphabet .
He knows neither of us .
He knows neither us .
He laid down his pen
He laid down his pen and leaned back in his chair .
He laughed for no faculty .
He laughed for no mental faculty .
He laughed for no module .
He laughed for no reason .
He left his wife
He left his wife and children .
He left the bedroom
He left the bedroom and entered the living~room .
He lent me neither yet .
He lent me two books , neither of which I have read as yet .
He liked to blame most life on a tyrannical father .
He liked to blame most of his faults
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes of his account on a tyrannical father .
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes of his autobiography on a tyrannical father .
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes of his chronicle on a tyrannical father .
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes of his hagiography on a tyrannical father .
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes of his history on a tyrannical father .
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes of his life on a tyrannical father .
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes of his profile on a tyrannical father .
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes of his story on a tyrannical father .
He likes all animals except frameworks .
He likes all animals except horses .
He likes all animals except trestles .
He likes all cabbage .
He likes all horses .
He likes all vegetables except Chinese cabbage .
He likes all vegetables except Chinese celery .
He likes all vegetables except bok chous .
He likes all vegetables except bok choy .
He likes all vegetables except cabbage .
He likes all vegetables except celery cabbage .
He likes all vegetables except cole .
He likes all vegetables except cruciferous vegetable .
He likes all vegetables except head cabbage .
He likes all vegetables except kail .
He likes all vegetables except kale .
He likes both music
He likes both music and athletes .
He likes both music and jocks .
He likes both music and sports .
He likes both sports .
He likes bread
He likes bread and butter .
He likes me
He likes me and I like him too .
He likes neither baseball nor American football .
He likes neither baseball nor American football game .
He likes neither baseball nor association football .
He likes neither baseball nor contact sport .
He likes neither baseball nor field game .
He likes neither baseball nor football .
He likes neither baseball nor professional football .
He likes neither baseball nor rugby .
He likes neither baseball nor rugby football .
He likes neither baseball nor rugger .
He likes neither baseball nor soccer .
He likes neither football .
He likes to go to the beach now
He likes to go to the beach now and then .
He likes to spend some solitude every day .
He likes to spend some time in place every day .
He likes to spend some time in solitude every day .
He likes to spend some time in spot every day .
He likes to spend some time in topographic point every day .
He looked left
He looked left and right .
He lost no letter .
He lost no time answering the letter .
He lost no time answering the literal interpretation .
He loves me
He loves me and I love him , too .
He made a desk
He made a desk and two benches for us .
He made a mistake
He made a mistake and drank poison .
He made every effort to pass the bar exam .
He made every effort to pass the bar examination .
He made every effort to pass the communicating .
He made every effort to pass the communication .
He made every effort to pass the comp .
He made every effort to pass the comprehensive .
He made every effort to pass the comprehensive examination .
He made every effort to pass the entrance exam .
He made every effort to pass the entrance examination .
He made every effort to pass the exam .
He made every effort to pass the exam paper .
He made every effort to pass the examination paper .
He made every effort to pass the final .
He made every effort to pass the final exam .
He made every effort to pass the final examination .
He made every effort to pass the litmus test .
He made every effort to pass the midterm .
He made every effort to pass the midterm exam .
He made every effort to pass the midterm examination .
He made every effort to pass the oral .
He made every effort to pass the oral exam .
He made every effort to pass the oral examination .
He made every effort to pass the prelim .
He made every effort to pass the preliminary exam .
He made every effort to pass the preliminary examination .
He made every effort to pass the question sheet .
He made every effort to pass the quiz .
He made every effort to pass the test paper .
He made every effort to pass the tripo .
He made every effort to pass the viva .
He made every effort to pass the viva voce .
He made every exam .
He made sure that he was ready for the exam by studying every day .
He made sure that he was ready for the exam by studying every sidereal time .
He made sure that he was ready for the exam by studying every time unit .
He made sure that he was ready for the exam by studying every unit of time .
He makes friends with every body he athletic competitions .
He makes friends with every body he athletic contests .
He makes friends with every body he athleticss .
He makes friends with every body he gymkhanas .
He makes friends with every body he meets .
He makes friends with every body he race meetings .
He makes friends with every body he regattas .
He makes friends with every body he swim meets .
He makes friends with every body he swimming meets .
He makes friends with every body he track meets .
He makes friends with every meets .
He makes no disguise of his Hollywoods .
He makes no disguise of his Zeitgeists .
He makes no disguise of his ambiances .
He makes no disguise of his ambiences .
He makes no disguise of his atmospheres .
He makes no disguise of his feelings .
He makes no feelings .
He met with a traffic accident
He met with a traffic accident and had a narrow escape from death .
He never spoke of the softer passions , save with a gibe
He never spoke of the softer passions , save with a gibe and a sneer .
He now was sixty-eight years old
He now was sixty-eight years old and a sick man .
He offered no behavior .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange citizenship .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange correctitude .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange impropernes .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange impropriety .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange manner .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange personal manner .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange propernes .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange propriety .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange swashbuckling .
He offered no specific explanation for his strange trait .
He opened the drawer ,
He opened the drawer , and took out a letter .
He opened the window to let in some air .
He opened the window to let in some fresh air .
He opened the window to let in some fresh airspace .
He opened the window to let in some fresh part .
He opened the window to let in some fresh region .
He paid an eternal life for each one of metallic elements .
He paid an eternal life for each one of metals .
He paid an eternal life for each one of uranium 235s .
He paid an eternal life for each one of uranium 238s .
He paid an eternal life for each one of us .
He paid an eternal life for each us .
He paid no TLC to my advice .
He paid no TLC to my warning .
He paid no attention to my advice .
He paid no attention to my warning .
He paid no baby sitting to my advice .
He paid no baby sitting to my warning .
He paid no babysitting to my advice .
He paid no babysitting to my warning .
He paid no dental care to my advice .
He paid no dental care to my warning .
He paid no faith cure to my advice .
He paid no faith cure to my warning .
He paid no faith healing to my advice .
He paid no faith healing to my warning .
He paid no first aid to my advice .
He paid no first aid to my warning .
He paid no hair care to my advice .
He paid no hair care to my warning .
He paid no haircare to my advice .
He paid no haircare to my warning .
He paid no hairdressing to my advice .
He paid no hairdressing to my warning .
He paid no health care to my advice .
He paid no health care to my warning .
He paid no healthcare to my advice .
He paid no healthcare to my warning .
He paid no incubation to my advice .
He paid no incubation to my warning .
He paid no intervention to my advice .
He paid no intervention to my warning .
He paid no livery to my advice .
He paid no livery to my warning .
He paid no manicure to my advice .
He paid no manicure to my warning .
He paid no maternalism to my advice .
He paid no maternalism to my warning .
He paid no nourishment to my advice .
He paid no nourishment to my warning .
He paid no nursing to my advice .
He paid no nursing to my warning .
He paid no nurturance to my advice .
He paid no nurturance to my warning .
He paid no pedicure to my advice .
He paid no pedicure to my warning .
He paid no personal care to my advice .
He paid no personal care to my warning .
He paid no pet sitting to my advice .
He paid no pet sitting to my warning .
He paid no skin care to my advice .
He paid no skin care to my warning .
He paid no skincare to my advice .
He paid no skincare to my warning .
He paid no tender loving care to my advice .
He paid no tender loving care to my warning .
He paid no treatment to my advice .
He paid no treatment to my warning .
He paid no tree surgery to my advice .
He paid no tree surgery to my warning .
He paid no work to my advice .
He paid no work to my warning .
He painted all the fences green .
He painted all the fencings green .
He painted all the party walls green .
He painted all the retaining walls green .
He painted all the walls green .
He painted all walls green .
He picked up a mirror
He picked up a mirror and looked at his tongue .
He picked up the rifle
He picked up the rifle and aimed it at the target .
He played the piano
He played the piano and she sang .
He popped a balloon besides my ear
He popped a balloon besides my ear and I was really scared .
He pulled up the weed
He pulled up the weed and threw it away .
He put all his big buck in the box .
He put all his big money in the box .
He put all his bundle in the box .
He put all his heart
He put all his heart and African-American music into it .
He put all his heart and black music into it .
He put all his heart and gospel into it .
He put all his heart and gospel singing into it .
He put all his heart and soul into it .
He put all his megabuck in the box .
He put all his money in the box .
He put all his pile in the box .
He put all his wealth in the box .
He put all money in the box .
He put all soul into it .
He put milk into his tea
He put milk into his tea and stirred it .
He put on his glasses
He put on his glasses and began to read .
He put some milk in his tea .
He put some sugar
He put some sugar and milk in his tea .
He puts on a show of being impartial
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased , but I think he 's just a guy with no opinion of his own .
He quarrels with every knows .
He quarrels with every person he knows .
He ran off with his best friend 's wife
He ran off with his best friend 's wife and has n't been heard from since .
He ran to the station
He ran to the station and caught the train .
He reached across the table
He reached across the table and shook my hand .
He regained consciousness
He regained consciousness and was able to talk .
He remained poor all his life .
He remained poor all life .
He renounced smoking
He renounced smoking and drinking .
He runs with the hare
He runs with the hare and hunts with the hounds .
He said ' Goodbye everyone '
He said ' Goodbye everyone ' and stood up .
He said he was hungry ,
He said he was hungry , and then he added that he was also thirsty .
He said that he had left his purse at home
He said that he had left his purse at home and asked me if I could lend him 1,000 yen .
He said there was no Mars .
He said there was no life on Mars .
He said there was no life on appearances .
He said there was no life on birthmarks .
He said there was no life on blackheads .
He said there was no life on blots .
He said there was no life on burn marks .
He said there was no life on burns .
He said there was no life on chatter marks .
He said there was no life on checks .
He said there was no life on chips .
He said there was no life on comedoes .
He said there was no life on cracks .
He said there was no life on daubs .
He said there was no life on dents .
He said there was no life on dings .
He said there was no life on gouges .
He said there was no life on marks .
He said there was no life on miliums .
He said there was no life on moles .
He said there was no life on nevuss .
He said there was no life on nicks .
He said there was no life on scars .
He said there was no life on scrapes .
He said there was no life on scratches .
He said there was no life on slurs .
He said there was no life on smears .
He said there was no life on smirches .
He said there was no life on smudges .
He said there was no life on spots .
He said there was no life on stigmata .
He said there was no life on verrucas .
He said there was no life on visual aspects .
He said there was no life on warts .
He said there was no life on whiteheads .
He said they wanted to fight until every black man was free .
He said they wanted to fight until every man was free .
He sang some old anthems .
He sang some old arias .
He sang some old ballads .
He sang some old banquet songs .
He sang some old barcaroles .
He sang some old barcarolles .
He sang some old berceuses .
He sang some old compositions .
He sang some old coronaches .
He sang some old cradlesongs .
He sang some old dirges .
He sang some old ditties .
He sang some old drinking songs .
He sang some old folk ballads .
He sang some old folk songs .
He sang some old folksongs .
He sang some old golden oldies .
He sang some old laments .
He sang some old lays .
He sang some old lieds .
He sang some old love songs .
He sang some old love-songs .
He sang some old lullabies .
He sang some old musical compositions .
He sang some old oldies .
He sang some old opera .
He sang some old partsongs .
He sang some old pieces .
He sang some old pieces of music .
He sang some old prothalamions .
He sang some old prothalamiums .
He sang some old religious songs .
He sang some old requiems .
He sang some old roundelays .
He sang some old scolions .
He sang some old serenades .
He sang some old songs .
He sang some old threnodies .
He sang some old torch songs .
He sang some old work songs .
He sang some songs .
He sat back
He sat back and watched us do all the energy .
He sat back and watched us do all the free energy .
He sat back and watched us do all the work .
He sat back and watched us do all work .
He sat on the bench
He sat on the bench and crossed his legs .
He saw her
He saw her and blushed .
He saw no advantage in waiting any individual .
He saw no advantage in waiting any longer .
He saw no advantage in waiting any mortal .
He saw no advantage in waiting any person .
He saw no advantage in waiting any somebody .
He saw no advantage in waiting any someone .
He saw no advantage in waiting any soul .
He saw no longer .
He says " want " when he wants something ,
He says " want " when he wants something , and " no " when he does not .
He seems to me a serious
He seems to me a serious and reliable person .
He showed little interest in books
He showed little interest in books or music .
He shut the door
He shut the door and went upstairs .
He slowly let the clutch out
He slowly let the clutch out and drove off .
He smiled at me
He smiled at me and got on the train .
He smokes like a chimney
He smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish .
He sold his business
He sold his business and retired .
He speaks English
He speaks English and French .
He speaks French
He speaks French and of course he speaks English , too .
He speaks French and that very well .
He spoke more
He spoke more and more loudly .
He still has no experience for this ball-breaker .
He still has no experience for this ball-buster .
He still has no experience for this duty .
He still has no experience for this job .
He still has no experience for this scut work .
He still has no experience for this shitwork .
He still has no experience for this stint .
He still has no job .
He stole into the house
He stole into the house and immediately went to bed without being noticed by anyone .
He stood up
He stood up and took a deep breath .
He stopped smoking because his wife
He stopped smoking because his wife and children asked him to .
He stretched his arms
He stretched his arms and welcomed us .
He struck a match
He struck a match and lit the candles .
He studied day
He studied day and night in order to possibly become a lawyer .
He thought that it would be interesting
He thought that it would be interesting and fun .
He thought that there was no point in studying further in this field .
He thought that there was no relevance in studying further in this field .
He thought that there was no relevancy in studying further in this field .
He thrust some Maundy monies into my pocket .
He thrust some bawbees into my pocket .
He thrust some bezants into my pocket .
He thrust some bezzants into my pocket .
He thrust some byzants into my pocket .
He thrust some centimes into my pocket .
He thrust some cents into my pocket .
He thrust some changes into my pocket .
He thrust some coinages into my pocket .
He thrust some coins into my pocket .
He thrust some crowns into my pocket .
He thrust some deniers into my pocket .
He thrust some dimes into my pocket .
He thrust some dollars into my pocket .
He thrust some double eagles into my pocket .
He thrust some doubloons into my pocket .
He thrust some ducats into my pocket .
He thrust some eagles into my pocket .
He thrust some eightpences into my pocket .
He thrust some farthings into my pocket .
He thrust some fifty-cent pieces into my pocket .
He thrust some fivepences into my pocket .
He thrust some fourpences into my pocket .
He thrust some groats into my pocket .
He thrust some guineas into my pocket .
He thrust some ha'pennies into my pocket .
He thrust some half crowns into my pocket .
He thrust some half dollars into my pocket .
He thrust some half eagles into my pocket .
He thrust some halfpennies into my pocket .
He thrust some louis d'ors into my pocket .
He thrust some medallions into my pocket .
He thrust some metal monies into my pocket .
He thrust some mintages into my pocket .
He thrust some nickels into my pocket .
He thrust some ninepences into my pocket .
He thrust some pennies into my pocket .
He thrust some pieces of eight into my pocket .
He thrust some quarters into my pocket .
He thrust some reals into my pocket .
He thrust some shillings into my pocket .
He thrust some sixpences into my pocket .
He thrust some slugs into my pocket .
He thrust some soliduss into my pocket .
He thrust some sous into my pocket .
He thrust some species into my pocket .
He thrust some staters into my pocket .
He thrust some tanners into my pocket .
He thrust some tenpences into my pocket .
He thrust some threepences into my pocket .
He thrust some tuppences into my pocket .
He thrust some twopences into my pocket .
He tied his son 's shoe with a double knot
He tied his son 's shoe with a double knot and said , " There , that should do the trick . "
He told her
He told her and she smiled .
He told her something
He told her something and she smiled .
He told me that women play chess
He told me that women play chess and tennis well .
He took a mirror
He took a mirror and carefully examined his tongue .
He took advantage of my ignorance
He took advantage of my ignorance and deceived me .
He took her hand
He took her hand and sat down beside her .
He took his coat off
He took his coat off and set to work .
He took me by the arm
He took me by the arm and looked me in the eye .
He took no festival .
He took no me .
He took no notice of me .
He took no notice of our apprisal .
He took no notice of our notification .
He took no notice of our telling .
He took no notice of our warning .
He took no notice that there was a sick man sleeping in the next assemblage .
He took no notice that there was a sick man sleeping in the next gathering .
He took no notice that there was a sick man sleeping in the next room .
He took no photos of the Bacchanalium .
He took no photos of the Dionysium .
He took no photos of the Kwanza .
He took no photos of the Kwanzaa .
He took no photos of the Oktoberfest .
He took no photos of the Saturnalium .
He took no photos of the carnival .
He took no photos of the celebration .
He took no photos of the eisteddfod .
He took no photos of the festival .
He took no photos of the festivity .
He took no photos of the film festival .
He took no photos of the jazz festival .
He took no photos of the sheepshearing .
He took no room .
He took no warning .
He took off his clothes
He took off his clothes and put on his pajamas .
He took off his coat
He took off his coat and put it on again .
He took off his hat
He took off his hat and made a polite bow .
He took the guitar
He took the guitar and started playing .
He took the pen
He took the pen and wrote the address .
He took up his pen
He took up his pen and began to write .
He tried to approach her using every means .
He tried to approach her using every possible capitals .
He tried to approach her using every possible means .
He tried to approach her using every possible pocketbooks .
He tried to approach her using every possible wherewithals .
He turned the bottle upside down
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it , but still the honey would n't come out .
He waited for several seconds
He waited for several seconds and opened the door .
He was a widower , but a year after his son 's wedding , he could not hold it any longer
He was a widower , but a year after his son 's wedding , he could not hold it any longer and also got married .
He was drunk
He was drunk and forgot to shut the back door .
He was easily deceived
He was easily deceived and gave her some money .
He was glad to avail any means to succeed in life .
He was glad to avail himself of any arithmetic means to succeed in life .
He was glad to avail himself of any averages to succeed in life .
He was glad to avail himself of any expectations to succeed in life .
He was glad to avail himself of any expected values to succeed in life .
He was glad to avail himself of any first moments to succeed in life .
He was glad to avail himself of any geometric means to succeed in life .
He was glad to avail himself of any harmonic means to succeed in life .
He was glad to avail himself of any means to succeed in life .
He was glad to avail himself of any norms to succeed in life .
He was known to every African in the village .
He was known to every Amerindian in the village .
He was known to every Aquariu in the village .
He was known to every Archer in the village .
He was known to every Ary in the village .
He was known to every Balance in the village .
He was known to every Black in the village .
He was known to every Black person in the village .
He was known to every Bull in the village .
He was known to every Cancer in the village .
He was known to every Capricorn in the village .
He was known to every Caucasian in the village .
He was known to every Crab in the village .
He was known to every Elizabethan in the village .
He was known to every Fish in the village .
He was known to every Gemini in the village .
He was known to every Goat in the village .
He was known to every Hebrew in the village .
He was known to every Israelite in the village .
He was known to every Jat in the village .
He was known to every Jew in the village .
He was known to every Latin in the village .
He was known to every Leo in the village .
He was known to every Libra in the village .
He was known to every Lion in the village .
He was known to every Native American in the village .
He was known to every Negro in the village .
He was known to every Negroid in the village .
He was known to every Pisce in the village .
He was known to every Ram in the village .
He was known to every Sagittariu in the village .
He was known to every Scorpio in the village .
He was known to every Scorpion in the village .
He was known to every Slav in the village .
He was known to every Tauru in the village .
He was known to every Twin in the village .
He was known to every Victorian in the village .
He was known to every Virgin in the village .
He was known to every Virgo in the village .
He was known to every Water Bearer in the village .
He was known to every White in the village .
He was known to every White person in the village .
He was known to every abator in the village .
He was known to every abjurer in the village .
He was known to every abomination in the village .
He was known to every aboriginal in the village .
He was known to every aborigine in the village .
He was known to every abstainer in the village .
He was known to every abstinent in the village .
He was known to every achiever in the village .
He was known to every acquaintance in the village .
He was known to every acquirer in the village .
He was known to every active in the village .
He was known to every actor in the village .
He was known to every adjudicator in the village .
He was known to every admirer in the village .
He was known to every adoptee in the village .
He was known to every adult in the village .
He was known to every adventurer in the village .
He was known to every adversary in the village .
He was known to every advisee in the village .
He was known to every advocate in the village .
He was known to every advocator in the village .
He was known to every affiant in the village .
He was known to every aggregator in the village .
He was known to every agnostic in the village .
He was known to every allayer in the village .
He was known to every amateur in the village .
He was known to every ancient in the village .
He was known to every anomaly in the village .
He was known to every antagonist in the village .
He was known to every anti-American in the village .
He was known to every antus in the village .
He was known to every ape in the village .
He was known to every aper in the village .
He was known to every applicant in the village .
He was known to every applied scientist in the village .
He was known to every applier in the village .
He was known to every appointee in the village .
He was known to every appointment in the village .
He was known to every appreciator in the village .
He was known to every apprehender in the village .
He was known to every archaist in the village .
He was known to every arrogator in the village .
He was known to every assessee in the village .
He was known to every assimilator in the village .
He was known to every asthmatic in the village .
He was known to every attempter in the village .
He was known to every authority in the village .
He was known to every autodidact in the village .
He was known to every baby boomer in the village .
He was known to every baby buster in the village .
He was known to every baby in the village .
He was known to every bad guy in the village .
He was known to every bad person in the village .
He was known to every baldhead in the village .
He was known to every baldpate in the village .
He was known to every baldy in the village .
He was known to every balker in the village .
He was known to every bather in the village .
He was known to every battler in the village .
He was known to every baulker in the village .
He was known to every beard in the village .
He was known to every bedfellow in the village .
He was known to every beguiler in the village .
He was known to every beholder in the village .
He was known to every being in the village .
He was known to every belligerent in the village .
He was known to every bereaved in the village .
He was known to every bereaved person in the village .
He was known to every best in the village .
He was known to every birth in the village .
He was known to every biter in the village .
He was known to every blackamoor in the village .
He was known to every blogger in the village .
He was known to every blond in the village .
He was known to every blonde in the village .
He was known to every bluecoat in the village .
He was known to every body in the village .
He was known to every bodybuilder in the village .
He was known to every bomber in the village .
He was known to every boomer in the village .
He was known to every brunet in the village .
He was known to every brunette in the village .
He was known to every bullfighter in the village .
He was known to every buster in the village .
He was known to every candidate in the village .
He was known to every capitalist in the village .
He was known to every captor in the village .
He was known to every capturer in the village .
He was known to every carrottop in the village .
He was known to every case in the village .
He was known to every cashier in the village .
He was known to every causal agency in the village .
He was known to every causal agent in the village .
He was known to every cause in the village .
He was known to every celebrant in the village .
He was known to every celebrater in the village .
He was known to every celebrator in the village .
He was known to every censor in the village .
He was known to every chameleon in the village .
He was known to every changer in the village .
He was known to every charmer in the village .
He was known to every child in the village .
He was known to every chooser in the village .
He was known to every chutzpanik in the village .
He was known to every closer in the village .
He was known to every cloud seeder in the village .
He was known to every clumsy person in the village .
He was known to every coddler in the village .
He was known to every collector in the village .
He was known to every color-blind person in the village .
He was known to every combatant in the village .
He was known to every comforter in the village .
He was known to every common man in the village .
He was known to every common person in the village .
He was known to every commoner in the village .
He was known to every communicator in the village .
He was known to every compeer in the village .
He was known to every complexifier in the village .
He was known to every compulsive in the village .
He was known to every computer user in the village .
He was known to every contemplative in the village .
He was known to every contestant in the village .
He was known to every contriver in the village .
He was known to every controller in the village .
He was known to every controversialist in the village .
He was known to every convert in the village .
He was known to every copycat in the village .
He was known to every counter in the village .
He was known to every counterterrorist in the village .
He was known to every coward in the village .
He was known to every crawler in the village .
He was known to every creator in the village .
He was known to every creature in the village .
He was known to every creditor in the village .
He was known to every creeper in the village .
He was known to every cripple in the village .
He was known to every dancer in the village .
He was known to every dead person in the village .
He was known to every dead soul in the village .
He was known to every deaf person in the village .
He was known to every debaser in the village .
He was known to every debitor in the village .
He was known to every debtor in the village .
He was known to every deceased in the village .
He was known to every deceased person in the village .
He was known to every decedent in the village .
He was known to every defecator in the village .
He was known to every degrader in the village .
He was known to every delayer in the village .
He was known to every deliverer in the village .
He was known to every demander in the village .
He was known to every denizen in the village .
He was known to every departed in the village .
He was known to every deviser in the village .
He was known to every dieter in the village .
He was known to every differentiator in the village .
He was known to every discriminator in the village .
He was known to every disentangler in the village .
He was known to every disputant in the village .
He was known to every dissenter in the village .
He was known to every dissident in the village .
He was known to every divider in the village .
He was known to every doer in the village .
He was known to every domestic partner in the village .
He was known to every doormat in the village .
He was known to every double in the village .
He was known to every doubter in the village .
He was known to every dresser in the village .
He was known to every dribbler in the village .
He was known to every driveller in the village .
He was known to every drooler in the village .
He was known to every drug user in the village .
He was known to every dupe in the village .
He was known to every dweller in the village .
He was known to every dyslectic in the village .
He was known to every ectomorph in the village .
He was known to every effecter in the village .
He was known to every effector in the village .
He was known to every ejector in the village .
He was known to every emotional person in the village .
He was known to every emulator in the village .
He was known to every endomorph in the village .
He was known to every engineer in the village .
He was known to every enjoyer in the village .
He was known to every enrollee in the village .
He was known to every entertainer in the village .
He was known to every equal in the village .
He was known to every eristic in the village .
He was known to every essayer in the village .
He was known to every ethnic in the village .
He was known to every excuser in the village .
He was known to every expectorator in the village .
He was known to every experimenter in the village .
He was known to every expert in the village .
He was known to every explorer in the village .
He was known to every exponent in the village .
He was known to every extravert in the village .
He was known to every extrovert in the village .
He was known to every face in the village .
He was known to every faddist in the village .
He was known to every faller in the village .
He was known to every fastener in the village .
He was known to every female in the village .
He was known to every female person in the village .
He was known to every fiduciary in the village .
He was known to every fighter in the village .
He was known to every first-rater in the village .
He was known to every fleer in the village .
He was known to every follower in the village .
He was known to every forerunner in the village .
He was known to every forgiver in the village .
He was known to every free agent in the village .
He was known to every free spirit in the village .
He was known to every freewheeler in the village .
He was known to every friend in the village .
He was known to every fugitive in the village .
He was known to every gainer in the village .
He was known to every gambler in the village .
He was known to every gatekeeper in the village .
He was known to every gatherer in the village .
He was known to every gay in the village .
He was known to every gem in the village .
He was known to every gentile in the village .
He was known to every good guy in the village .
He was known to every good person in the village .
He was known to every granter in the village .
He was known to every greeter in the village .
He was known to every grinner in the village .
He was known to every groaner in the village .
He was known to every grownup in the village .
He was known to every grunter in the village .
He was known to every guesser in the village .
He was known to every guinea pig in the village .
He was known to every habitant in the village .
He was known to every handicapped person in the village .
He was known to every hater in the village .
He was known to every have in the village .
He was known to every heterosexual in the village .
He was known to every heterosexual person in the village .
He was known to every homo in the village .
He was known to every homophile in the village .
He was known to every homosexual in the village .
He was known to every homunculu in the village .
He was known to every hope in the village .
He was known to every hoper in the village .
He was known to every huddler in the village .
He was known to every hugger in the village .
He was known to every image in the village .
He was known to every imitator in the village .
He was known to every immune in the village .
He was known to every indigen in the village .
He was known to every indigene in the village .
He was known to every individualist in the village .
He was known to every indweller in the village .
He was known to every inexperienced person in the village .
He was known to every inhabitant in the village .
He was known to every innocent in the village .
He was known to every insured in the village .
He was known to every insured person in the village .
He was known to every intellect in the village .
He was known to every intellectual in the village .
He was known to every interpreter in the village .
He was known to every introvert in the village .
He was known to every jewel in the village .
He was known to every jumper in the village .
He was known to every junior in the village .
He was known to every juvenile in the village .
He was known to every juvenile person in the village .
He was known to every killer in the village .
He was known to every kink in the village .
He was known to every kneeler in the village .
He was known to every knocker in the village .
He was known to every knower in the village .
He was known to every ladino in the village .
He was known to every large person in the village .
He was known to every laugher in the village .
He was known to every leader in the village .
He was known to every learner in the village .
He was known to every left-hander in the village .
He was known to every lefty in the village .
He was known to every life in the village .
He was known to every lightning rod in the village .
He was known to every linguist in the village .
He was known to every literate in the village .
He was known to every literate person in the village .
He was known to every liver in the village .
He was known to every longer in the village .
He was known to every look-alike in the village .
He was known to every loose cannon in the village .
He was known to every loved one in the village .
He was known to every lover in the village .
He was known to every machine in the village .
He was known to every mailer in the village .
He was known to every maimer in the village .
He was known to every malcontent in the village .
He was known to every male in the village .
He was known to every male person in the village .
He was known to every man in the village .
He was known to every man jack in the village .
He was known to every mangler in the village .
He was known to every manipulator in the village .
He was known to every married in the village .
He was known to every masturbator in the village .
He was known to every match in the village .
He was known to every measurer in the village .
He was known to every mediocrity in the village .
He was known to every mesomorph in the village .
He was known to every mestizo in the village .
He was known to every middlebrow in the village .
He was known to every miracle man in the village .
He was known to every miracle worker in the village .
He was known to every misogamist in the village .
He was known to every mixed-blood in the village .
He was known to every modern in the village .
He was known to every modifier in the village .
He was known to every mollycoddler in the village .
He was known to every money dealer in the village .
He was known to every money handler in the village .
He was known to every monolingual in the village .
He was known to every mother hen in the village .
He was known to every mouse in the village .
He was known to every mover and shaker in the village .
He was known to every muscle builder in the village .
He was known to every muscle-builder in the village .
He was known to every musclebuilder in the village .
He was known to every muscleman in the village .
He was known to every mutilator in the village .
He was known to every namer in the village .
He was known to every namesake in the village .
He was known to every national in the village .
He was known to every native in the village .
He was known to every needer in the village .
He was known to every neglecter in the village .
He was known to every neighbmy in the village .
He was known to every neighbor in the village .
He was known to every neutral in the village .
He was known to every noncompliant in the village .
He was known to every nondescript in the village .
He was known to every nondrinker in the village .
He was known to every nonmember in the village .
He was known to every nonparticipant in the village .
He was known to every nonpartisan in the village .
He was known to every nonpartizan in the village .
He was known to every nonperson in the village .
He was known to every nonreligious person in the village .
He was known to every nonresident in the village .
He was known to every nonsmoker in the village .
He was known to every nonworker in the village .
He was known to every nude in the village .
He was known to every nude person in the village .
He was known to every nurser in the village .
He was known to every objector in the village .
He was known to every observer in the village .
He was known to every occultist in the village .
He was known to every onanist in the village .
He was known to every opener in the village .
He was known to every opponent in the village .
He was known to every opposer in the village .
He was known to every optimist in the village .
He was known to every organism in the village .
He was known to every orphan in the village .
He was known to every ostrich in the village .
He was known to every ouster in the village .
He was known to every outcaste in the village .
He was known to every outdoorsman in the village .
He was known to every owner in the village .
He was known to every pamperer in the village .
He was known to every pansexual in the village .
He was known to every pardoner in the village .
He was known to every partner in the village .
He was known to every party in the village .
He was known to every passer in the village .
He was known to every peer in the village .
He was known to every perceiver in the village .
He was known to every percher in the village .
He was known to every percipient in the village .
He was known to every person of colmy in the village .
He was known to every person of color in the village .
He was known to every persona non gratum in the village .
He was known to every personage in the village .
He was known to every personification in the village .
He was known to every perspirer in the village .
He was known to every philosopher in the village .
He was known to every picker in the village .
He was known to every pisser in the village .
He was known to every planner in the village .
He was known to every player in the village .
He was known to every polyglot in the village .
He was known to every possessor in the village .
He was known to every posturer in the village .
He was known to every powderer in the village .
He was known to every precursor in the village .
He was known to every preserver in the village .
He was known to every primitive in the village .
He was known to every primitive person in the village .
He was known to every proponent in the village .
He was known to every propositu in the village .
He was known to every prospect in the village .
He was known to every protester in the village .
He was known to every public relations person in the village .
He was known to every pursuer in the village .
He was known to every pussycat in the village .
He was known to every quarter in the village .
He was known to every quester in the village .
He was known to every quitter in the village .
He was known to every radical in the village .
He was known to every realist in the village .
He was known to every recoverer in the village .
He was known to every rectifier in the village .
He was known to every red-header in the village .
He was known to every redhead in the village .
He was known to every redheader in the village .
He was known to every registrant in the village .
He was known to every relation in the village .
He was known to every relative in the village .
He was known to every reliever in the village .
He was known to every religious person in the village .
He was known to every repeater in the village .
He was known to every rescuer in the village .
He was known to every resister in the village .
He was known to every rester in the village .
He was known to every restrainer in the village .
He was known to every revenant in the village .
He was known to every rich person in the village .
He was known to every right hander in the village .
He was known to every right-hander in the village .
He was known to every righthander in the village .
He was known to every riser in the village .
He was known to every romanticist in the village .
He was known to every romper in the village .
He was known to every roundhead in the village .
He was known to every ruler in the village .
He was known to every runaway in the village .
He was known to every rusher in the village .
He was known to every saluter in the village .
He was known to every saver in the village .
He was known to every scholar in the village .
He was known to every scientist in the village .
He was known to every scourge in the village .
He was known to every scrag in the village .
He was known to every scrapper in the village .
He was known to every scratcher in the village .
He was known to every searcher in the village .
He was known to every second-rater in the village .
He was known to every seeder in the village .
He was known to every seeker in the village .
He was known to every segregate in the village .
He was known to every selector in the village .
He was known to every self in the village .
He was known to every sensualist in the village .
He was known to every sentimentalist in the village .
He was known to every sex object in the village .
He was known to every sex symbol in the village .
He was known to every shaker in the village .
He was known to every shitter in the village .
He was known to every showman in the village .
He was known to every signatory in the village .
He was known to every signer in the village .
He was known to every significant other in the village .
He was known to every simple in the village .
He was known to every simpleton in the village .
He was known to every six-footer in the village .
He was known to every skidder in the village .
He was known to every skin and bone in the village .
He was known to every slave in the village .
He was known to every slayer in the village .
He was known to every sleepyhead in the village .
He was known to every slider in the village .
He was known to every slipper in the village .
He was known to every slobberer in the village .
He was known to every sloucher in the village .
He was known to every small person in the village .
He was known to every smasher in the village .
He was known to every smiler in the village .
He was known to every smotherer in the village .
He was known to every sneezer in the village .
He was known to every sniffer in the village .
He was known to every sniffler in the village .
He was known to every sniveler in the village .
He was known to every snuffer in the village .
He was known to every snuffler in the village .
He was known to every social dancer in the village .
He was known to every socialiser in the village .
He was known to every socializer in the village .
He was known to every sort in the village .
He was known to every sounding board in the village .
He was known to every southpaw in the village .
He was known to every sphinx in the village .
He was known to every spitter in the village .
He was known to every spoiler in the village .
He was known to every sport in the village .
He was known to every spousal equivalent in the village .
He was known to every spouse equivalent in the village .
He was known to every sprawler in the village .
He was known to every spurner in the village .
He was known to every squint-eye in the village .
He was known to every squinter in the village .
He was known to every squirmer in the village .
He was known to every stifler in the village .
He was known to every stigmatic in the village .
He was known to every stigmatist in the village .
He was known to every stooper in the village .
He was known to every straight in the village .
He was known to every straight person in the village .
He was known to every stranger in the village .
He was known to every struggler in the village .
He was known to every subject in the village .
He was known to every substance abuser in the village .
He was known to every succeeder in the village .
He was known to every succes in the village .
He was known to every supernumerary in the village .
He was known to every surrenderer in the village .
He was known to every survivalist in the village .
He was known to every survivor in the village .
He was known to every suspect in the village .
He was known to every swayer in the village .
He was known to every sweater in the village .
He was known to every tagger in the village .
He was known to every tapper in the village .
He was known to every technologist in the village .
He was known to every tempter in the village .
He was known to every termer in the village .
He was known to every terror in the village .
He was known to every testate in the village .
He was known to every testator in the village .
He was known to every thin person in the village .
He was known to every third-rater in the village .
He was known to every thirster in the village .
He was known to every threat in the village .
He was known to every thrower in the village .
He was known to every tiger in the village .
He was known to every topper in the village .
He was known to every toreador in the village .
He was known to every totemist in the village .
He was known to every toucher in the village .
He was known to every transexual in the village .
He was known to every transfer in the village .
He was known to every transferee in the village .
He was known to every transsexual in the village .
He was known to every transvestite in the village .
He was known to every traveler in the village .
He was known to every traveller in the village .
He was known to every trier in the village .
He was known to every turner in the village .
He was known to every tyrant in the village .
He was known to every undoer in the village .
He was known to every unfastener in the village .
He was known to every unfortunate in the village .
He was known to every unfortunate person in the village .
He was known to every unperson in the village .
He was known to every unraveler in the village .
He was known to every unraveller in the village .
He was known to every unskilled person in the village .
He was known to every untier in the village .
He was known to every unusual person in the village .
He was known to every unwelcome person in the village .
He was known to every urinator in the village .
He was known to every user in the village .
He was known to every vanisher in the village .
He was known to every venturer in the village .
He was known to every victim in the village .
He was known to every visionary in the village .
He was known to every visually impaired person in the village .
He was known to every voider in the village .
He was known to every waiter in the village .
He was known to every waker in the village .
He was known to every walk-in in the village .
He was known to every wanter in the village .
He was known to every ward in the village .
He was known to every warrior in the village .
He was known to every watcher in the village .
He was known to every weakling in the village .
He was known to every wealthy person in the village .
He was known to every weasel in the village .
He was known to every weight gainer in the village .
He was known to every welcomer in the village .
He was known to every wiggler in the village .
He was known to every wight in the village .
He was known to every winker in the village .
He was known to every winner in the village .
He was known to every withholder in the village .
He was known to every witnes in the village .
He was known to every worker in the village .
He was known to every worldling in the village .
He was known to every wriggler in the village .
He was known to every wus in the village .
He was known to every yawner in the village .
He was known to every yearner in the village .
He was known to every yielder in the village .
He was lucky
He was lucky and won the competition .
He was never to see his wife
He was never to see his wife and family again .
He was poor
He was poor and could n't buy a coat .
He was poor and could not buy it .
He was sitting between Mary
He was sitting between Mary and Tom .
He was tired
He was tired ,
He was tired , and yet he went to help them .
He was tired and nervous from overwork .
He was to all appearances a strong man .
He was to all feignings a strong man .
He was to all pretences a strong man .
He was to all pretendings a strong man .
He was to all pretenses a strong man .
He was to all simulations a strong man .
He was tortured
He was tortured and murdered .
He was very thirsty
He was very thirsty and asked for some branch water .
He was very thirsty and asked for some drinking water .
He was very thirsty and asked for some food .
He was very thirsty and asked for some liquid .
He was very thirsty and asked for some nutrient .
He was very thirsty and asked for some spring water .
He was very thirsty and asked for some water .
He was wearing black trousers
He was wearing black trousers and a beautiful white shirt .
He was young
He was young and innocent .
He went to Brazil
He went to Brazil and stayed there .
He went to Italy ten years ago
He went to Italy ten years ago and has lived there ever since .
He went to Urumqi on Monday
He went to Urumqi on Monday and came back here the next day .
He went to sleep at six~o'clock
He went to sleep at six~o'clock and he is still sleeping .
He went up to her
He went up to her and they shook hands .
He whispered " I love you " into my ear
He whispered " I love you " into my ear and then kissed me on the cheek .
He who reads often
He who reads often and walks often , sees much and knows much .
He whose face gives no aspect , shall never become a star .
He whose face gives no expression , shall never become a star .
He whose face gives no face , shall never become a star .
He whose face gives no facial expression , shall never become a star .
He whose face gives no light , shall never become a star .
He whose face gives no look , shall never become a star .
He whose face gives no verve , shall never become a star .
He whose face gives no vitality , shall never become a star .
He worked one year
He worked one year and a half in the Netherlands .
He writes to his mother every now
He writes to his mother every now and then .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all commitments .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all committednesses .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all gravenesses .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all gravities .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all sedatenesses .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all seriousness .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all sobernesses .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all sobrieties .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all solemnesses .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all solemnities .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all sombernesses .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all sombrenesses .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all staidnesses .
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all traits .
He wrote many books , including two particularly influential ones , The Wild Garden ,
He wrote many books , including two particularly influential ones , The Wild Garden , and The English Flower Garden ; his lifelong friend Gertrude Jekyll contributed some sections .
He wrung out the dish~towel
He wrung out the dish~towel and hung it up to dry .
Heart disease
Heart disease and stroke are cardiovascular ( heart and blood vessel ) diseases caused by smoking . Heart disease and stroke are also the first and third leading causes of death in the United~States .
Heavy fog
Heavy fog and rain hindered the search for the missing bushwalkers .
Hello ! My name is Maria . I 'm 23 years old
Hello ! My name is Maria . I 'm 23 years old and I come from Berlin .
Hello , my dear , I made two pictures
Hello , my dear , I made two pictures and I want your opinion on them .
Hello guys , I 'm Tom
Hello guys , I 'm Tom and I 'm here with Mary .
Help yourself
Help yourself and God will help you .
Her composition had no at~all .
Her composition had no grammatical errors at~all .
Her explanation of the problem made no acceptation .
Her explanation of the problem made no import .
Her explanation of the problem made no meaning .
Her explanation of the problem made no sense .
Her explanation of the problem made no significance .
Her explanation of the problem made no signification .
Her explanation of the problem made no word meaning .
Her explanation of the problem made no word sense .
Her family considers suicide to be dishonorable
Her family considers suicide to be dishonorable and selfish .
Her mother was a Christian
Her mother was a Christian and her father a pagan , but this was n't a problem for them at~all .
Her name is Hope
Her name is Hope and she loves cats .
Her ring fell into a river
Her ring fell into a river and sank to the bottom .
Her vanity knows no absolutenesses .
Her vanity knows no bounds .
Her vanity knows no brinks .
Her vanity knows no extents .
Her vanity knows no heat barriers .
Her vanity knows no knife-edges .
Her vanity knows no level bests .
Her vanity knows no maxima .
Her vanity knows no starknesses .
Her vanity knows no thermal barriers .
Her vanity knows no utmosts .
Her vanity knows no uttermosts .
Her vanity knows no utternesses .
Her vanity knows no verges .
Hercules , an ancient Greek hero celebrated for his superhuman strength , was pursued throughout his life by the hatred of Juno , the goddess of birth , matrimony
Hercules , an ancient Greek hero celebrated for his superhuman strength , was pursued throughout his life by the hatred of Juno , the goddess of birth , matrimony and care , worshipped as queen of gods by the romans .
Here 's to a long
Here 's to a long and happy life !
Here it is , all in black
Here it is , all in black and white .
Here it is , all white .
Hey , I may have no big buck , but I still have my pride .
Hey , I may have no big money , but I still have my pride .
Hey , I may have no bundle , but I still have my pride .
Hey , I may have no megabuck , but I still have my pride .
Hey , I may have no money , but I still have my pride .
Hey , I may have no pile , but I still have my pride .
Hey , I may have no wealth , but I still have my pride .
Hey Tom , I heard through the grapevine that you
Hey Tom , I heard through the grapevine that you and Susie are going out . Way to go !
Hi , my name is Tom
Hi , my name is Tom and I 'm your waiter .
High-ranking Chinese
High-ranking Chinese and American officials met repeatedly to discuss the development of ties between the two countries .
His blue coat was dirty
His blue coat was dirty and wrinkled .
His company went bankrupt ,
His company went bankrupt , and to make matters worse , he met with a traffic accident .
His decision to quit his old job
His decision to quit his old job and start his own business really paid off .
His delay admits of no defence .
His delay admits of no defense .
His delay admits of no excuse .
His delay admits of no extenuation .
His delay admits of no mitigation .
His delay admits of no vindication .
His first military experiences took place in the war between the British colonial empire
His first military experiences took place in the war between the British colonial empire and the Boers , who sought independence .
His handwriting is very poor , I can not make head
His handwriting is very poor , I can not make head or tail of it .
His joke made all burst into laughter .
His joke made all the class burst into laughter .
His joke made all the class change of integrity into laughter .
His joke made all the class detonation into laughter .
His joke made all the class fulmination into laughter .
His mother sat up all night waiting for her son .
His mother sat up all son .
His mouth was as wide as an oven , his teeth like yellow fangs ,
His mouth was as wide as an oven , his teeth like yellow fangs , and his eyes , two glowing red coals .
His name is Tom
His name is Tom and he 's Mary 's husband .
His name is known to every body in this area .
His name is known to every cavity resonator in this area .
His name is known to every resonating chamber in this area .
His name is known to every resonator in this area .
His novel ideas are time
His novel ideas are time and again getting him into trouble with his more conservative colleagues .
His paralysis is progressing ,
His paralysis is progressing , and soon he wo n't be able to get out of bed .
His soldiers feared
His soldiers feared and respected him .
His son is lazy
His son is lazy and good~for~nothing .
His suit was gray
His suit was gray and his tie was yellow .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten accounting firms .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten auction houses .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten business concerns .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten business organisations .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten business organizations .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten businesses .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten concerns .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten consulting companies .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten consulting firms .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten corporations .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten corps .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten dealers .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten houses .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten law firms .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten publishers .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten publishing companies .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten publishing firms .
His uncle owns no fewer than ten publishing houses .
His uncle owns no houses .
His uncle went to Europe on business a week ago
His uncle went to Europe on business a week ago and he is now either in London
His uncle went to Europe on business a week ago and he is now either in London or in Paris .
His voice trailed off
His voice trailed off and he remained silent .
His wife begged him not to run any chance .
His wife begged him not to run any probability .
His wife begged him not to run any risk .
History books write that after the Mongol invasion of Baghdad , many books were thrown into the Tigris~River
History books write that after the Mongol invasion of Baghdad , many books were thrown into the Tigris~River and therefore the colour of the river turned blue with the ink of books .
Hold my hand
Hold my hand and look into my eyes .
Homeopathy is considered a pseudoscience
Homeopathy is considered a pseudoscience and is no more effective than placebos .
Hoping to loosen Microsoft 's ironclad grip on the personal computer desktop , a tiny Seattle company will unveil an onscreen menu bar Monday that bypasses Windows with direct links to programs
Hoping to loosen Microsoft 's ironclad grip on the personal computer desktop , a tiny Seattle company will unveil an onscreen menu bar Monday that bypasses Windows with direct links to programs and the Internet .
However , there are some .
However , there are some who believe that the real disaster in the North Atlantic on that cold April 1998 morning was not that the Titanic sank with the loss of 1,500 lives .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all rifles and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the Garand rifles and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the Garands and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the M-1 rifles and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the M-1s and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the Winchesters and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the carbines and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the firearms and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the pieces and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the precision rifles and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the rifles and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the small-arms and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the sniper rifles and revolvers the Armoury could produce .
Huge celebrations have been held in Romania
Huge celebrations have been held in Romania and Bulgaria to mark their accession to the European~Union , 17 years after the fall of Communism .
Human cruelty has no endings .
Human cruelty has no ends .
Human cruelty has no limits .
Human rights refers to the concept of human beings as having universal rights ,
Human rights refers to the concept of human beings as having universal rights , or status , regardless of legal jurisdiction or other localizing factors , such as ethnicity , nationality ,
Human rights refers to the concept of human beings as having universal rights , or status , regardless of legal jurisdiction or other localizing factors , such as ethnicity , nationality , and sex .
Hundreds of police
Hundreds of police and volunteers are searching thick bushland for a missing three-year-old boy .
Hunger knows no law .
Hunger knows no learned profession .
Hurry ,
Hurry , or you wo n't get to the movie~theater in time !
Hurry up
Hurry up ,
Hurry up , and you 'll be in time for school .
Hurry up , or you 'll miss the train .
Hurry up or you 'll miss the train .
I 'd describe him as a middle-aged man in a yellow jacket , orange tie
I 'd describe him as a middle-aged man in a yellow jacket , orange tie and a pink shirt .
I 'd just like to ask if you saw
I 'd just like to ask if you saw or heard anything last night that could cast some light on this mysterious affair .
I 'd like to see Tom
I 'd like to see Tom and Mary get along with each~other .
I 'd like to stay
I 'd like to stay and chat , but I 've got a meeting to go to .
I 'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the consortium you 've placed in us .
I 'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the drug cartel you 've placed in us .
I 'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the oil cartel you 've placed in us .
I 'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the pool you 've placed in us .
I 'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the syndicate you 've placed in us .
I 'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the trust you 've placed in us .
I 'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all trust you 've placed in us .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some apothecaries' unit first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some apothecaries' weight first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some arroba first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some cattie first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some catty first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some crith first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some frail first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some last first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some maund first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some obolu first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some oka first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some picul first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some pood first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some rotl first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some tael first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some tod first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some troy unit first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some unit first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some unit of measurement first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some weight first .
I 'd love to be able to wear a dress like that . But I 'll have to lose some welterweight first .
I 'll ask around
I 'll ask around and let you know if I find anything out .
I 'll be able to finish in a day
I 'll be able to finish in a day or two .
I 'll be able to finish it in a day
I 'll be able to finish it in a day or two .
I 'll be back by seven
I 'll be back by seven or eight~o'clock .
I 'll come
I 'll come and see you at 3:00~p.m. on Sunday .
I 'll come by
I 'll come by and pick you up tomorrow morning .
I 'll go
I 'll go and get Tom .
I 'll go and look for Tom .
I 'll go with Tom
I 'll go with Tom and Mary .
I 'll have some cereal
I 'll have some cereal and orange~juice .
I 'm Tom
I 'm Tom and this is Mary .
I 'm a friend of Tom
I 'm a friend of Tom and Mary 's .
I 'm a non-native speaker of English
I 'm a non-native speaker of English and realize there is a lot that I still need to learn .
I 'm all thumbs when it comes to origami ,
I 'm all thumbs when it comes to origami , or paper folding .
I 'm bored
I 'm bored , home alone , without cartoons
I 'm bored , home alone , without cartoons or a computer .
I 'm bored and I have nothing to do .
I 'm broke
I 'm broke and tired .
I 'm busy right now
I 'm busy right now and ca n't play with you .
I 'm buying fruit
I 'm buying fruit and chocolate .
I 'm buying meat
I 'm buying meat and vegetables .
I 'm cold
I 'm cold and wet .
I 'm coming from grandpa now ,
I 'm coming from grandpa now , and going to my uncle .
I 'm coming to your party
I 'm coming to your party and bringing you an unusual present .
I 'm confused
I 'm confused and frustrated .
I 'm considering taking a gap year to develop myself
I 'm considering taking a gap year to develop myself and increase my self-confidence
I 'm dying to look at all the work you 've done .
I 'm exhausted ! I just want to go home , take a bath ,
I 'm exhausted ! I just want to go home , take a bath , and go to bed .
I 'm fine
I 'm fine and I 'm not sick .
I 'm getting sick
I 'm getting sick and tired of Ms Maruta and her noisy friends .
I 'm getting sick and tired of Ms. Maruta and her noisy friends .
I 'm glad we did n't go there because there were some localized heavy rain descents .
I 'm glad we did n't go there because there were some localized heavy rain showers .
I 'm glad we did n't go there because there were some showers .
I 'm going to Hawaii next week , so I have to go
I 'm going to Hawaii next week , so I have to go and exchange some yen for dollars at the bank .
I 'm going to die ,
I 'm going to die , and I want you to stay here with me .
I 'm going to eat your head
I 'm going to eat your head and I will laugh in front of your dead~body , after this .
I 'm going to find you wherever you are
I 'm going to find you wherever you are and kill you .
I 'm going to go
I 'm going to go and get my driver 's license .
I 'm going to live my life , with
I 'm going to live my life , with or without her .
I 'm going to open the wine
I 'm going to open the wine and let it breathe .
I 'm going to stay for another day
I 'm going to stay for another day or two .
I 'm going to study biology
I 'm going to study biology and Spanish .
I 'm happy
I 'm happy , cause I 'm learning some Afrikaan .
I 'm happy , cause I 'm learning some Dutch .
I 'm happy , cause I 'm learning some Flemish .
I 'm happy , cause I 'm learning some Flemish dialect .
I 'm happy , cause I 'm learning some South African Dutch .
I 'm happy , cause I 'm learning some Taal .
I 'm happy , cause I 'm learning some West Germanic .
I 'm happy , cause I 'm learning some West Germanic language .
I 'm happy and satisfied .
I 'm hungry
I 'm hungry and thirsty .
I 'm nervous
I 'm nervous and excited .
I 'm not going to sit here
I 'm not going to sit here and listen to you complaining all day .
I 'm not sleeping well currently
I 'm not sleeping well currently and now have rings under the eyes .
I 'm on the interstate
I 'm on the interstate and Tom is right behind me .
I 'm on the late shift tonight
I 'm on the late shift tonight and wo n't be home until around midnight .
I 'm poor ,
I 'm poor , and I ca n't buy it .
I 'm putting this sentence on Tatoeba
I 'm putting this sentence on Tatoeba and nobody can stop me !
I 'm really glad to be here
I 'm really glad to be here and the more , to be here with you .
I 'm really tired
I 'm really tired and want to go to bed early .
I 'm sexy
I 'm sexy and I know it !
I 'm sick
I 'm sick and tired of being sick and tired .
I 'm sick and tired of hamburgers .
I 'm so embarrassed I could dig a hole
I 'm so embarrassed I could dig a hole and crawl into it .
I 'm sorry , I have n't any left .
I 'm sorry , I have n't any parcel .
I 'm sorry , I have n't any parcel of land .
I 'm sorry , I have n't any piece of ground .
I 'm sorry , I have n't any piece of land .
I 'm sorry , I have n't any tract .
I 'm sorry , but I do n't have any change .
I 'm sorry , but I do n't have any small change .
I 'm sorry , but I do n't have any small coin .
I 'm sorry , but that 's all now .
I 'm sorry , but that 's all we have right now .
I 'm sorry , but that 's all we have right nowaday .
I 'm sorry , but that 's all we have right present .
I 'm sorry . That 's really all I remember .
I 'm sorry . That 's really all remember .
I 'm starving ! Hurry
I 'm starving ! Hurry and give me something to eat .
I 'm still feeling a little homesick
I 'm still feeling a little homesick and so many things seem strange to me .
I 'm studying French
I 'm studying French and web design .
I 'm surprised you
I 'm surprised you and Tom do n't like each~other .
I 'm tired
I 'm tired ,
I 'm tired , and a bit annoyed .
I 'm tired . I just want to go on the teacup ride
I 'm tired . I just want to go on the teacup ride and take it easy .
I 'm tired and I want to go home .
I 'm tired and I want to go to bed .
I 'm under the impression that it 's been raining all day .
I 'm under the impression that it 's been raining all sidereal time .
I 'm under the impression that it 's been raining all time unit .
I 'm under the impression that it 's been raining all unit of time .
I 'm using a Mac
I 'm using a Mac and I ca n't read a Windows~95 file .
I 've asked him three times to take out the trash
I 've asked him three times to take out the trash and he still has n't done it !
I 've asked lots of people to help , but I have n't any joy yet .
I 've asked lots of people to help , but I have n't any positive stimulu yet .
I 've been dead before ,
I 've been dead before , and it was n't too bad .
I 've been drunk before
I 've been drunk before and likely will get drunk many more times .
I 've been living in Kassel for two years
I 've been living in Kassel for two years and still have n't been to Herkules .
I 've been waiting since six~o'clock
I 've been waiting since six~o'clock and still my turn has n't come .
I 've been writing letters all morning . I 've written ten
I 've been writing letters all morning . I 've written ten and still have n't finished .
I 've changed
I 've changed and expanded the text .
I 've got one brother
I 've got one brother and two sisters .
I 've got to talk to Tom
I 've got to talk to Tom and Mary .
I 've got two brothers
I 've got two brothers and a sister .
I 've got two kids . One of them is a boy ,
I 've got two kids . One of them is a boy , and the other one 's a boy , too .
I 've had it with you
I 've had it with you and your stupid ideas .
I 've heard that people who eat vegetables
I 've heard that people who eat vegetables and fruit every day are less likely to have a heart attack .
I 've just seen that Esperanto has overtaken German ,
I 've just seen that Esperanto has overtaken German , and now has the fourth place . Very good !
I 've looked through your report
I 've looked through your report and made some notes on it .
I 've lost my ball-point pen
I 've lost my ball-point pen and am now writing with a pencil .
I 've made some mistakes that I should 've been able to avoid .
I 've married
I 've married and I realize , that my childhood ends now .
I 've never seen this woman sad
I 've never seen this woman sad or anxious .
I 've opened many Facebook
I 've opened many Facebook and Twitter accounts since 2008 . I now have six Facebook accounts and fifteen Twitter accounts .
I 've ordered two teas
I 've ordered two teas and three coffees .
I 've prepared eggplant
I 've prepared eggplant and egg for my breakfast .
I 've read any
I 've read any and every book in this library .
I 've seen them , at least ,
I 've seen them , at least , and they are safe .
I 've tried it
I 've tried it and it works like a dream .
I 've waited one hour
I 've waited one hour and a half .
I agree with both Mary .
I agree with both Tom
I agree with both Tom and Mary .
I agree with both Tom and adult female .
I agree with both Tom and female child .
I agree with both Tom and female offspring .
I agree with both Tom and foster sister .
I agree with both Tom and foster-sister .
I agree with both Tom and girl .
I agree with both Tom and girl wonder .
I agree with both Tom and individual .
I agree with both Tom and little girl .
I agree with both Tom and mortal .
I agree with both Tom and person .
I agree with both Tom and somebody .
I agree with both Tom and someone .
I agree with both Tom and soul .
I agree with both Tom and woman .
I almost died a year
I almost died a year and a half ago .
I always confuse John
I always confuse John and his twin brother .
I always say goodbye ,
I always say goodbye , and I stay .
I always thought Tom
I always thought Tom and Mary made a good couple .
I always thought Tom and Mary would get married .
I always thought you
I always thought you and Tom were married .
I am a snail
I am a snail and snails are never in a hurry .
I am absorbed in growing herbs
I am absorbed in growing herbs and your Web pages are a great help to me .
I am alive even though I am not giving any life .
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of account .
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of autobiography .
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of chronicle .
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of hagiography .
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of history .
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of life .
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of profile .
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of story .
I am allergic to aspirin , penicillin ,
I am allergic to aspirin , penicillin , and sulfa drugs .
I am at school now
I am at school now and I will stay here until 8~o'clock .
I am busy now
I am busy now and ca n't go out .
I am busy now and ca n't play with you .
I am by no lazy .
I am by no means absent from this class because I am lazy .
I am dead tired from walking around all day .
I am dead tired from walking around all sidereal time .
I am dead tired from walking around all time unit .
I am dead tired from walking around all unit of time .
I am fascinated by clouds
I am fascinated by clouds and clocks on old photographs - perhaps because they can be understood as symbols of the transience and continuous passage of time .
I am getting weaker
I am getting weaker and weaker !
I am hers
I am hers and she is mine .
I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo ,
I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo , and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions . For over a thousand years , Al-Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning , and for over a century , Cairo University has been a source of Egypt 's advancement .
I am in San~Diego
I am in San~Diego and you guys need to come visit me !
I am interested in the cello
I am interested in the cello and the piano .
I am learning Swedish
I am learning Swedish and German .
I am most grateful for all sentences .
I am most grateful for all the help I have been given in translating final decisions .
I am most grateful for all the help I have been given in translating final judgments .
I am most grateful for all the help I have been given in translating murder convictions .
I am most grateful for all the help I have been given in translating rape convictions .
I am most grateful for all the help I have been given in translating robbery convictions .
I am most grateful for all the help I have been given in translating sentences .
I am nervous
I am nervous and scared .
I am not too rich , too fat
I am not too rich , too fat or too happy .
I am of the opinion that you would recognize a creator by his creation ,
I am of the opinion that you would recognize a creator by his creation , and the world appears to me to be put together in such a painful way that I prefer to believe that it was not created by anyone than to think that somebody created this intentionally .
I am peeling the celery
I am peeling the celery and the potatoes .
I am so busy that I have no spare .
I am so busy that I have no time to component .
I am so busy that I have no time to constituent .
I am so busy that I have no time to element .
I am so busy that I have no time to spare .
I am so happy
I am so happy and honored to finally meet her in person .
I am sorry to all of you for being late .
I am sorry to all you for being late .
I am studying Chinese
I am studying Chinese and Spanish .
I am studying to be a translator
I am studying to be a translator or interpreter .
I am the only Brazilian who ca n't speak Portuguese
I am the only Brazilian who ca n't speak Portuguese and dance samba .
I am worn out from working all day .
I am worn out from working all sidereal time .
I am worn out from working all time unit .
I am worn out from working all unit of time .
I am your only hope , captain . If you do n't do as I say , you
I am your only hope , captain . If you do n't do as I say , you and your crew will perish .
I arrived too late
I arrived too late and missed the train .
I asked God for a bike , but I know God does n't work that way . So I stole a bike
I asked God for a bike , but I know God does n't work that way . So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness .
I asked Tom if he had any small indefinite amounts .
I asked Tom if he had any small indefinite quantities .
I asked Tom if he had any sparks .
I asked Tom if he had any suggestions .
I asked Tom if he wanted something to eat
I asked Tom if he wanted something to eat and he said yes .
I asked Tom if he wanted to go
I asked Tom if he wanted to go and he said no .
I asked Tom where he
I asked Tom where he and Mary had first met each~other .
I asked her to marry me
I asked her to marry me and she accepted .
I assume Tom is up to no benefit .
I assume Tom is up to no better .
I assume Tom is up to no desirability .
I assume Tom is up to no desirablenes .
I assume Tom is up to no good .
I assume Tom is up to no optimum .
I assume Tom is up to no quality .
I assume Tom is up to no soundnes .
I assume Tom is up to no welfare .
I assume Tom is up to no wisdom .
I assume Tom is up to no wisenes .
I assume Tom is up to no worthines .
I ate bread
I ate bread and butter this morning .
I ate every plate .
I ate every thing on the dessert plate .
I ate every thing on the dinner plate .
I ate every thing on the flatware .
I ate every thing on the paper plate .
I ate every thing on the plate .
I ate every thing on the salad bowl .
I ate every thing on the salad plate .
I ate every thing on the soup plate .
I ate every thing on the steel plate .
I ate fried rice
I ate fried rice and drank some beer .
I ate nothing but bread
I ate nothing but bread and butter .
I ate one
I ate one and then I ate the other .
I barely make any account now .
I barely make any advantage now .
I barely make any gainfulnes now .
I barely make any lucrativenes now .
I barely make any profit now .
I barely make any profitability now .
I barely make any profitablenes now .
I barely make any vantage now .
I became less
I became less and less interested in mathematics .
I bet all boys want your phone number .
I bet all the boys want your phone number .
I bit the inside of my lip
I bit the inside of my lip and got a canker sore .
I bought Tom a remote controlled fire truck
I bought Tom a remote controlled fire truck and he seems very happy with it .
I bought a book
I bought a book and he a ruler .
I bought a few eggs
I bought a few eggs and a little milk .
I bought a poster at the Arab World Institute in Paris
I bought a poster at the Arab World Institute in Paris and I had it framed .
I bought a tie for Dan
I bought a tie for Dan and I 'll buy a scarf for Elena .
I bought all apples .
I bought all of these cable systems .
I bought all of these cable television services .
I bought all of these cable televisions .
I bought all of these cables .
I bought all of these closed-circuit televisions .
I bought all of these color TVs .
I bought all of these color television systems .
I bought all of these color televisions .
I bought all of these colour TVs .
I bought all of these colour television systems .
I bought all of these colour televisions .
I bought all of these satellite TVs .
I bought all of these satellite televisions .
I bought all of these telecom equipment .
I bought all of these telecom systems .
I bought all of these telecommunication equipment .
I bought all of these telecommunication systems .
I bought all of these televisions .
I bought all televisions .
I bought all the apple trees .
I bought all the apples .
I bought each present .
I bought every book on Japan I could brainstorm .
I bought every book on Japan I could brainwave .
I bought every book on Japan I could find .
I bought every book on Japan I could insight .
I bought every find .
I bought some Boston brown bread on the way home from work .
I bought some Christmas historical presents today .
I bought some Christmas presents today .
I bought some Christmas tenses today .
I bought some English muffin on the way home from work .
I bought some Host on the way home from work .
I bought some anadama bread on the way home from work .
I bought some baked good on the way home from work .
I bought some bap on the way home from work .
I bought some barmbrack on the way home from work .
I bought some bread on the way home from work .
I bought some bread-stick on the way home from work .
I bought some breadstick on the way home from work .
I bought some brown bread on the way home from work .
I bought some bun on the way home from work .
I bought some caraway seed bread on the way home from work .
I bought some challah on the way home from work .
I bought some cheese
I bought some cheese and a little milk .
I bought some cheese and milk .
I bought some cinnamon bread on the way home from work .
I bought some cracked-wheat bread on the way home from work .
I bought some cracker on the way home from work .
I bought some crouton on the way home from work .
I bought some dark bread on the way home from work .
I bought some flatbread on the way home from work .
I bought some garlic bread on the way home from work .
I bought some gluten bread on the way home from work .
I bought some hallah on the way home from work .
I bought some light bread on the way home from work .
I bought some loaf of bread on the way home from work .
I bought some loaf on the way home from work .
I bought some matzah on the way home from work .
I bought some matzo on the way home from work .
I bought some matzoh on the way home from work .
I bought some milk .
I bought some naan on the way home from work .
I bought some nan on the way home from work .
I bought some new wife-beaters at the mall today .
I bought some onion bread on the way home from work .
I bought some presents today .
I bought some quick bread on the way home from work .
I bought some raisin bread on the way home from work .
I bought some roll on the way home from work .
I bought some rye bread on the way home from work .
I bought some salt-rising bread on the way home from work .
I bought some simnel on the way home from work .
I bought some sour bread on the way home from work .
I bought some sourdough bread on the way home from work .
I bought some starch on the way home from work .
I bought some toast on the way home from work .
I bought some unleavened bread on the way home from work .
I bought some wafer on the way home from work .
I bought some white bread on the way home from work .
I bought some whole meal bread on the way home from work .
I bought some whole wheat bread on the way home from work .
I bought some wife-beaters at the mall today .
I bought them each a historical present .
I bought them each a present .
I bought them each a tense .
I ca n't believe you 're going to give away all money .
I ca n't believe you 're going to give away all your money .
I ca n't decide if I 'm happy
I ca n't decide if I 'm happy or sad .
I ca n't laugh
I ca n't laugh or cry .
I ca n't tell if Tom is dead
I ca n't tell if Tom is dead or just unconscious .
I ca n't understand if I 'm afraid
I ca n't understand if I 'm afraid or happy to go !
I called 911
I called 911 and the paramedics came .
I called a guy I know in the FBI
I called a guy I know in the FBI and requested help .
I called you , on the one hand to invite you out to eat ,
I called you , on the one hand to invite you out to eat , and on the other to tell you my son is going to get married .
I came to Tokyo three years ago
I came to Tokyo three years ago and have been living here ever since .
I can eat any onions .
I can eat any thing but Bermuda onions .
I can eat any thing but Spanish onions .
I can eat any thing but Vidalia onions .
I can eat any thing but green onions .
I can eat any thing but onions .
I can eat any thing but scallions .
I can eat any thing but shallots .
I can eat any thing but spring onions .
I can eat any thing but vegetables .
I can eat any thing but veggies .
I can eat any thing but vegs .
I can not backwater the backyard . There is no backwater .
I can not bay the backyard . There is no bay .
I can not briny the backyard . There is no briny .
I can not channel the backyard . There is no channel .
I can not check my mailbox . There is no Internet here .
I can not check my mailbox . There is no computer network here .
I can not crossing the backyard . There is no crossing .
I can not drink the backyard . There is no drink .
I can not embayment the backyard . There is no embayment .
I can not estuary the backyard . There is no estuary .
I can not fall the backyard . There is no fall .
I can not flowage the backyard . There is no flowage .
I can not ford the backyard . There is no ford .
I can not gulf the backyard . There is no gulf .
I can not heat the dinner . There is no gas .
I can not heat the dinner . There is no physical conditions .
I can not heat the dinner . There is no physiological conditions .
I can not heat the dinner . There is no physiological states .
I can not high sea the backyard . There is no high sea .
I can not inlet the backyard . There is no inlet .
I can not international water the backyard . There is no international water .
I can not lake the backyard . There is no lake .
I can not main the backyard . There is no main .
I can not mid-water the backyard . There is no mid-water .
I can not ocean the backyard . There is no ocean .
I can not offing the backyard . There is no offing .
I can not polynya the backyard . There is no polynya .
I can not pool the backyard . There is no pool .
I can not puddle the backyard . There is no puddle .
I can not reces the backyard . There is no reces .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no backwater .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no bay .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no briny .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no channel .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no crossing .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no drink .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no embayment .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no estuary .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no fall .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no flowage .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no ford .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no gulf .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no high sea .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no inlet .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no international water .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no lake .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no main .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no mid-water .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no ocean .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no offing .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no polynya .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no pool .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no puddle .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no reces .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no sea .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no seven sea .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no shallow .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no shoal .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no sound .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no stream .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no territorial water .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no thing .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no water .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no watercourse .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no waterfall .
I can not rinse the dishes . There is no waterway .
I can not sea the backyard . There is no sea .
I can not seven sea the backyard . There is no seven sea .
I can not shallow the backyard . There is no shallow .
I can not shoal the backyard . There is no shoal .
I can not shout at Marika . She 's a guest
I can not shout at Marika . She 's a guest and she comes from abroad .
I can not sound the backyard . There is no sound .
I can not stream the backyard . There is no stream .
I can not take a vacation . I 'm the boss
I can not take a vacation . I 'm the boss and I 'm very busy .
I can not territorial water the backyard . There is no territorial water .
I can not thing the backyard . There is no thing .
I can not use a computer . There is no executive clemency .
I can not use a computer . There is no power .
I can not use a computer . There is no state .
I can not use a computer . There is no war power .
I can not water the backyard . There is no water .
I can not watercourse the backyard . There is no watercourse .
I can not waterfall the backyard . There is no waterfall .
I can not waterway the backyard . There is no waterway .
I can only work on Fridays , Saturdays ,
I can only work on Fridays , Saturdays , and Sundays .
I can resist every temptation .
I can resist every thing but allurement .
I can resist every thing but bait .
I can resist every thing but come-on .
I can resist every thing but forbidden fruit .
I can resist every thing but hook .
I can resist every thing but influence .
I can resist every thing but lure .
I can resist every thing but sweetener .
I can resist every thing but temptation .
I caught a cold ,
I caught a cold , and I have a fever .
I checked my watch
I checked my watch and realized I was an hour early .
I chopped the onions
I chopped the onions and put them in a casserole with butter and oil .
I could go for some Sicilian pizza right now .
I could go for some anchovy pizza right now .
I could go for some cheese pizza right now .
I could go for some dish right now .
I could go for some pepperoni pizza right now .
I could go for some pizza right now .
I could go for some sausage pizza right now .
I could kick myself for not inviting Tom
I could kick myself for not inviting Tom and Mary to my party .
I could reply to all of them .
I could reply to all them .
I cross the rail tracks every morning .
I cross the rail tracks every period .
I cross the rail tracks every period of time .
I cross the rail tracks every time period .
I cry every film .
I cry every song .
I cry every time I listen to this dynasty .
I cry every time I listen to this song .
I cry every time I watch that 3-D .
I cry every time I watch that 3D .
I cry every time I watch that cinema verite .
I cry every time I watch that collage film .
I cry every time I watch that coming attraction .
I cry every time I watch that docudrama .
I cry every time I watch that documentary .
I cry every time I watch that documentary film .
I cry every time I watch that feature .
I cry every time I watch that feature film .
I cry every time I watch that film .
I cry every time I watch that film noir .
I cry every time I watch that final cut .
I cry every time I watch that home movie .
I cry every time I watch that infotainment .
I cry every time I watch that musical .
I cry every time I watch that musical comedy .
I cry every time I watch that musical theater .
I cry every time I watch that product .
I cry every time I watch that production .
I cry every time I watch that rough cut .
I cry every time I watch that shoot-'em-up .
I cry every time I watch that short subject .
I cry every time I watch that show .
I cry every time I watch that silent .
I cry every time I watch that silent movie .
I cry every time I watch that silent picture .
I cry every time I watch that skin flick .
I cry every time I watch that slow motion .
I cry every time I watch that talkie .
I cry every time I watch that talking picture .
I cry every time I watch that telefilm .
I cry every time I watch that three-D .
I deeply admire Frida~Kahlo 's life
I deeply admire Frida~Kahlo 's life and work .
I did n't know Tom
I did n't know Tom and Mary had broken up .
I did n't know Tom and Mary were related .
I did n't know that Tom
I did n't know that Tom and Mary were brother and sister .
I do n't have any agendas for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any audit programmes for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any audit programs for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any blueprints for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any budgets for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any designs for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any dockets for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any employee savings plans for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any guidelines for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any ideas for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any master plans for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any outlines for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any patterns for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any pension accounts for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any pension plans for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any plans for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any plans of action for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any projections for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any projects for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any regimens for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any regimes for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any retirement accounts for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any retirement plans for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any retirement programs for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any retirement savings accounts for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any retirement savings plans for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any road maps for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any schedules for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any schemata for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any schemes for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any stock purchase plans for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't have any thoughts for tomorrow . I 'm going to take it easy .
I do n't know if it was because of the late hour
I do n't know if it was because of the late hour or because of the rain , but there was no one around .
I do n't know that there 's any great merit in that .
I do n't know that there 's any great worth in that .
I do n't know that there 's any merit in that .
I do n't know whether they 've hired some custodians .
I do n't know whether they 've hired some janitors .
I do n't know whether they 've hired some keepers .
I do n't know whether they 've hired some stewards .
I do n't like such things as steaks
I do n't like such things as steaks and hamburgers .
I do n't think I 've broken any RICO Acts .
I do n't think I 've broken any RICOs .
I do n't think I 've broken any Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Acts .
I do n't think I 've broken any Riot Acts .
I do n't think I 've broken any anti-drug laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any anti-racketeering laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any antitrust laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any antitrust legislations .
I do n't think I 've broken any blue laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any blue sky laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any constitutions .
I do n't think I 've broken any fundamental laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any gag laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any homestead laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any instruments .
I do n't think I 've broken any laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any legal documents .
I do n't think I 've broken any legal instruments .
I do n't think I 've broken any official documents .
I do n't think I 've broken any organic laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any poor laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any prohibitions .
I do n't think I 've broken any public laws .
I do n't think I 've broken any statutes of limitations .
I do n't think Tom
I do n't think Tom and Mary are ever going to be friends .
I do n't think there 'll be any balance-of-payments problem .
I do n't think there 'll be any difficulty .
I do n't think there 'll be any problem .
I do n't think there 'll be any race problem .
I do n't want Tom
I do n't want Tom and Mary to see me cry .
I do n't want to complain , but it 's two~o'clock
I do n't want to complain , but it 's two~o'clock and we still have to eat .
I do n't work on either Saturday
I do n't work on either Saturday or Sunday .
I do not
I do not and never will feed my dog raw fish .
I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good
I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil .
I do not want any at~all .
I do not want any milk at~all .
I do not work so you can be lazy
I do not work so you can be lazy and rest all day long !
I do some booking for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some busines for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some coaching for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some coaching job for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some engagement for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some job for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some line for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some line of work for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some ministry for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some navigation for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some occupation for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some paper route for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some piecework for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some public service for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some sailing for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some seafaring for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some service for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some telecommuting for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some teleworking for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some work for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some work load for Tom from~time~to~time .
I do some workload for Tom from~time~to~time .
I drank about 20 beers but the cop could n't tell I was drunk
I drank about 20 beers but the cop could n't tell I was drunk and let me go .
I drank from the bottle
I drank from the bottle and before I noticed , I turned into a rabbit .
I drank some milk and kept the rest in the refrigerator .
I drank some of the milk
I drank some of the milk and kept the rest in the refrigerator .
I drank too much
I drank too much and the ground seemed to spin under my feet .
I drank too much wine ,
I drank too much wine , and became dizzy .
I draw almost every day .
I draw almost every sidereal time .
I draw almost every time unit .
I draw almost every unit of time .
I draw every day .
I dream to go
I dream to go and live in Lithuania .
I dropped by the bookstore
I dropped by the bookstore and bought an interesting book .
I entered the room
I entered the room and shook hands with him .
I exchanged some Japanese monetary unit for dollars at the bank .
I exchanged some yen for dollars at the bank .
I farted in class
I farted in class and the teacher threw me out .
I feel a little better now after crying all I had .
I feel a little better now after crying all had .
I feel sad every now
I feel sad every now and then .
I felt a sharp pain in all sudden .
I felt a sharp pain in my stomach all of a sudden .
I finished off one half of the pizza
I finished off one half of the pizza and wrapped the other half in aluminum foil and put it in the fridge .
I forgot my lunch
I forgot my lunch and bought a sandwich at school .
I forgot the can opener
I forgot the can opener and could not open the can of sardines .
I forgot the key
I forgot the key and went back for it .
I found Tatoeba on Google
I found Tatoeba on Google and by accident .
I found a book with a red cover
I found a book with a red cover and decided to borrow it .
I found holes here
I found holes here and there .
I found no balance-of-payments problem today .
I found no difficulty today .
I found no job today .
I found no money left in my atrial auricle .
I found no money left in my auricle .
I found no money left in my auricula .
I found no money left in my auricula atrius .
I found no money left in my auricular appendage .
I found no money left in my auricular appendix .
I found no money left in my cheek pouch .
I found no money left in my gastric mill .
I found no money left in my gizzard .
I found no money left in my marsupium .
I found no money left in my pocket .
I found no money left in my sac .
I found no money left in my scrotum .
I found no money left in my utricle .
I found no money left in my utriculu .
I found no money left in my ventriculu .
I found no pocket .
I found no race problem today .
I gave him a deposit
I gave him a deposit and then he disappeared .
I gave him a warning , but he took no it .
I gave him a warning , but he took no notice of applied science .
I gave him a warning , but he took no notice of engineering .
I gave him a warning , but he took no notice of engineering science .
I gave him a warning , but he took no notice of it .
I gave him a warning , but he took no notice of technology .
I gave him a warning , to which he paid no attention .
I gave him a warning , to which he paid no attracter .
I gave him a warning , to which he paid no attraction .
I gave him a warning , to which he paid no attractive feature .
I gave him a warning , to which he paid no attractor .
I gave him a warning , to which he paid no enhancer .
I gave him a warning , to which he paid no foil .
I gave him a warning , to which he paid no magnet .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no TLC .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no attention .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no baby sitting .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no babysitting .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no dental care .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no faith cure .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no faith healing .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no first aid .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no hair care .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no haircare .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no hairdressing .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no health care .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no healthcare .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no incubation .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no intervention .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no livery .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no manicure .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no maternalism .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no nourishment .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no nursing .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no nurturance .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no pedicure .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no personal care .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no pet sitting .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no skin care .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no skincare .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no tender loving care .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no treatment .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no tree surgery .
I gave him advice , to which he paid no work .
I gave him all had .
I gave him all the money I had .
I gave in to temptation
I gave in to temptation and began to smoke a cigarette .
I gave the beggar all had .
I gave the beggar all the money I had .
I gave them clothing
I gave them clothing and some food .
I gave them some food .
I gave three pencils to each of them .
I gave three pencils to each them .
I gave up smoking
I gave up smoking and I feel like a new man .
I go through Chinatown
I go through Chinatown and admire the beautiful signs that I still do not understand .
I go to bed at eleven every night .
I go to bed at eleven every period .
I go to bed at eleven every period of time .
I go to bed at eleven every time period .
I go to bed at every night .
I got a bit carried away when I was dancing
I got a bit carried away when I was dancing and got up on the table .
I got a shave
I got a shave and a haircut .
I got home
I got home and the first thing I did was taking my shoes off .
I got home and took my shoes off .
I got shampoo in my eyes
I got shampoo in my eyes and it hurts .
I got slapped on both cheeks .
I got slapped on both features .
I got slapped on both lineaments .
I got some appropriation from an ATM .
I got some boodle from an ATM .
I got some bread from an ATM .
I got some burns .
I got some cabbage from an ATM .
I got some clam from an ATM .
I got some dinero from an ATM .
I got some dough from an ATM .
I got some fund from an ATM .
I got some gelt from an ATM .
I got some kale from an ATM .
I got some lettuce from an ATM .
I got some lolly from an ATM .
I got some loot from an ATM .
I got some lucre from an ATM .
I got some medium of exchange from an ATM .
I got some monetary fund from an ATM .
I got some monetary system from an ATM .
I got some money from an ATM .
I got some moolah from an ATM .
I got some pelf from an ATM .
I got some scratch from an ATM .
I got some shampoo in my eyes
I got some shampoo in my eyes and it burns .
I got some shekel from an ATM .
I got some shinplaster from an ATM .
I got some simoleon from an ATM .
I got some subsidisation from an ATM .
I got some subsidization from an ATM .
I got some sugar from an ATM .
I got some token money from an ATM .
I got some wampum from an ATM .
I grabbed my little sister 's hand ,
I grabbed my little sister 's hand , and the two of us started running .
I grew tomatoes last year
I grew tomatoes last year and they were very good .
I guess I have no Hobson's choice but to workout now .
I guess I have no choice but to workout now .
I guess I have no deciding but to workout now .
I guess I have no decision making but to workout now .
I guess I have no default but to workout now .
I guess I have no default option but to workout now .
I guess I have no druther but to workout now .
I guess I have no impossibility but to workout now .
I guess I have no impossible action but to workout now .
I guess I have no obverse but to workout now .
I guess I have no opening but to workout now .
I guess I have no possibility but to workout now .
I guess I have no possible action but to workout now .
I guess I have no preference but to workout now .
I guess I have no soft option but to workout now .
I guess that there are fundamentalists
I guess that there are fundamentalists and radicals even in the relatively peaceful domain of language ...
I had a dream , which was not all a dream .
I had a dream , which was not all dream .
I had a feeling that Tom
I had a feeling that Tom and Mary would decide not to buy that house .
I had been inculcated with all ideas .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong airs .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong ideas .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong lines .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong melodic lines .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong melodic phrases .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong melodies .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong motifs .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong motives .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong statements .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong strains .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong tunes .
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong variations .
I had been up all night trying to finish the presentation .
I had been up all presentation .
I had curry
I had curry and rice last night .
I had no choice .
I had no coming .
I had no difficulty finding your house .
I had no difficulty finding your management .
I had no house .
I had no idea that Tom
I had no idea that Tom and Mary had split up .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about Burchell's zebras .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about Equus Burchellis .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about Equus grevyis .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about Equus zebras zebras .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about common zebras .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about equids .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about equines .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about grevy's zebras .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about mountain zebras .
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about zebras .
I had no idea that you were arrival .
I had no idea that you were coming .
I had no idea that you were reaching .
I had no idea there were so many people in the other assemblage .
I had no idea there were so many people in the other gathering .
I had no idea there were so many people in the other room .
I had no idea you were a Dr. .
I had no idea you were a MD .
I had no idea you were a amputator .
I had no idea you were a brain surgeon .
I had no idea you were a cosmetic surgeon .
I had no idea you were a doc .
I had no idea you were a doctor .
I had no idea you were a medico .
I had no idea you were a neurosurgeon .
I had no idea you were a physician .
I had no idea you were a plastic surgeon .
I had no idea you were a surgeon .
I had no idea you were so berk .
I had no idea you were so blockhead .
I had no idea you were so bonehead .
I had no idea you were so dumbas .
I had no idea you were so dunce .
I had no idea you were so dunderhead .
I had no idea you were so fuckhead .
I had no idea you were so hammerhead .
I had no idea you were so klutz .
I had no idea you were so knucklehead .
I had no idea you were so loggerhead .
I had no idea you were so lunkhead .
I had no idea you were so muttonhead .
I had no idea you were so numskull .
I had no idea you were so shithead .
I had no idea you were so simple .
I had no idea you were so simpleton .
I had no idea you were so stupid .
I had no idea you worked as a Dr. .
I had no idea you worked as a MD .
I had no idea you worked as a amputator .
I had no idea you worked as a brain surgeon .
I had no idea you worked as a cosmetic surgeon .
I had no idea you worked as a doc .
I had no idea you worked as a doctor .
I had no idea you worked as a medico .
I had no idea you worked as a neurosurgeon .
I had no idea you worked as a physician .
I had no idea you worked as a plastic surgeon .
I had no idea you worked as a surgeon .
I had no intention of living in a large city from the line .
I had no intention of living in a large city from the start .
I had no more than 1,000 yen .
I had no office .
I had no other Hobson's choice .
I had no other choice .
I had no other deciding .
I had no other decision making .
I had no other default .
I had no other default option .
I had no other druther .
I had no other impossibility .
I had no other impossible action .
I had no other obverse .
I had no other opening .
I had no other possibility .
I had no other possible action .
I had no other preference .
I had no other soft option .
I had no rang .
I had no room .
I had no sooner left the shop than I met my abstract .
I had no sooner left the shop than I met my abstraction .
I had no sooner left the shop than I met my teacher .
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone ding .
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone dingdong .
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone dong .
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone go .
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone knell .
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone peal .
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone rang .
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone sound .
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone tintinnabulate .
I had no start .
I had no stupid .
I had no surgeon .
I had no teacher .
I had no trouble finding his office .
I had no trouble finding his staff .
I had no up .
I had no yen .
I had no zebras .
I had some calls to make , too .
I had some demands to make , too .
I had some house .
I had some trouble in finding his bagnio .
I had some trouble in finding his bathhouse .
I had some trouble in finding his building .
I had some trouble in finding his courthouse .
I had some trouble in finding his edifice .
I had some trouble in finding his field house .
I had some trouble in finding his house .
I had some trouble in finding his icehouse .
I had some trouble in finding his meat house .
I had some trouble in finding his oast house .
I had some trouble in finding his pump house .
I had some trouble in finding his pumping station .
I had some trouble in finding his smokehouse .
I had some trouble in finding his sports arena .
I had some trouble in finding his stash house .
I had to leave Warsaw
I had to leave Warsaw and make my living somewhere else .
I had to walk because there were no autoes .
I had to walk because there were no automobiles .
I had to walk because there were no cars .
I had to walk because there were no gypsy cabs .
I had to walk because there were no machines .
I had to walk because there were no minicabs .
I had to walk because there were no motorcars .
I had to walk because there were no taxis .
I have a black
I have a black and a white dog .
I have a black and white dog .
I have a black dog
I have a black dog and a white dog .
I have a cat
I have a cat and a dog . The cat is black and the dog is white .
I have a dog
I have a dog . He is black
I have a dog . He is black and his name is Tiki .
I have a dog and a cat .
I have a feeling you
I have a feeling you and I have a lot in common .
I have a fever
I have a fever and I ache all over .
I have a hammer ,
I have a hammer , and I 'm not afraid to use it !
I have a lot of flowers . Some are red
I have a lot of flowers . Some are red and others are yellow .
I have a lot of flowers . Some are red and some are yellow .
I have a lot of money
I have a lot of money and enough time to use it .
I have a problem
I have a problem and I need your advice .
I have absolutely no artistic abilities .
I have absolutely no artistic noses .
I have absolutely no artistic powers .
I have absolutely no artistic skills .
I have absolutely no artistic virtuosities .
I have all you .
I have almost no big buck now .
I have almost no big money now .
I have almost no bundle now .
I have almost no megabuck now .
I have almost no money now .
I have almost no pile now .
I have almost no wealth now .
I have always wanted to read War
I have always wanted to read War and Peace .
I have an orange
I have an orange and an apple .
I have any books .
I have been
I have been and always shall be your friend .
I have been taking ballet lessons since I was three
I have been taking ballet lessons since I was three and hope to be a ballerina .
I have been told that I am pragmatic ,
I have been told that I am pragmatic , and I am .
I have been trying for a long time
I have been trying for a long time and today I finally succeeded : I divided by zero .
I have been waiting for an hour
I have been waiting for an hour and a half .
I have better things to do than sit around all day waiting for Tom .
I have better things to do than sit around all sidereal time waiting for Tom .
I have better things to do than sit around all time unit waiting for Tom .
I have better things to do than sit around all unit of time waiting for Tom .
I have bought some flowers .
I have bought some very beautiful flowers .
I have bought some very beautiful golden ages .
I have bought some very beautiful periods .
I have bought some very beautiful periods of time .
I have bought some very beautiful time periods .
I have brown eyes
I have brown eyes and black hair .
I have dinner between seven
I have dinner between seven and eight~o'clock .
I have eight brothers
I have eight brothers and sisters .
I have far too many programs installed on my computer . Maybe if I uninstall some of them , my computer will run much faster .
I have far too many programs installed on my computer . Maybe if I uninstall some them , my computer will run much faster .
I have given every child three candies .
I have given every descendant three candies .
I have given every descendent three candies .
I have given up smoking for good
I have given up smoking for good and all .
I have gone into all the details of this feeling whether they seemed to me relevant or not .
I have gone into all the details of this thing whether they seemed to me relevant or not .
I have good days
I have good days and bad days .
I have got one brother
I have got one brother and two sisters .
I have had no interestingnesses from him yet .
I have had no interests from him yet .
I have had no news from him yet .
I have hardly any English books .
I have hardly any English continuities .
I have hardly any English dialogs .
I have hardly any English dialogues .
I have hardly any English dramatic compositions .
I have hardly any English dramatic works .
I have hardly any English librettoes .
I have hardly any English prompt copies .
I have hardly any English promptbooks .
I have hardly any English scenarios .
I have hardly any English screenplays .
I have hardly any English shooting scripts .
I have heard of this song some period ago .
I have heard of this song some period of time ago .
I have heard of this song some time ago .
I have heard of this song some time period ago .
I have lived on this block ,
I have lived on this block , and next to all life .
I have lived on this block , and next to the same neighbor , all my life .
I have lived on this block , and next to the same neighbor , all my period .
I have lived on this block , and next to the same neighbor , all my period of time .
I have lived on this block , and next to the same neighbor , all my time period .
I have lost all courtesy for you .
I have lost all good manner for you .
I have lost all respect for you .
I have met neither of his sons .
I have met neither sons .
I have much studied both cats
I have much studied both cats and individuals . The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior .
I have much studied both cats and mortals . The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior .
I have much studied both cats and people . The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior .
I have much studied both cats and philosophers . The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior .
I have much studied both cats and somebodies . The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior .
I have much studied both cats and someones . The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior .
I have much studied both cats and souls . The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior .
I have much studied both philosophers . The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior .
I have n't eaten since breakfast
I have n't eaten since breakfast and I 'm very hungry .
I have n't read this new novel ,
I have n't read this new novel , and my sister has n't either .
I have n't read this story
I have n't read this story and neither has my sister .
I have never fallen in love with any adult female .
I have never fallen in love with any girl .
I have never fallen in love with any lover .
I have never fallen in love with any woman .
I have never had any cans of worms .
I have never had any deep waters .
I have never had any difficulties .
I have never had any growing painss .
I have never had any hydrae .
I have never had any matters .
I have never had any pressure points .
I have never had any problems .
I have never sung ,
I have never sung , and never will sing , in a karaoke bar .
I have no again .
I have no friends supporting me .
I have no friends to play with .
I have no further marriage offers .
I have no further marriage proposals .
I have no further proposals .
I have no further proposals of marriage .
I have no further questions .
I have no hesitation in telling the truth .
I have no him .
I have no idea where Tom is now .
I have no idea where Tom is nowaday .
I have no idea where Tom is present .
I have no idea where he is now .
I have no idea where he is nowaday .
I have no idea where he is present .
I have no idea where she is now .
I have no idea where she is nowaday .
I have no idea where she is present .
I have no information measure on Tom .
I have no information on Tom .
I have no intention of doing that .
I have no intention of ever coming back here again .
I have no intention of telling him .
I have no intention of telling you the participant role .
I have no intention of telling you the result .
I have no intention of telling you the semantic role .
I have no it .
I have no me .
I have no me now .
I have no money now .
I have no money with me now .
I have no more than 1,000 Japanese monetary unit with me .
I have no more than 1,000 yen with me .
I have no more than one~hundred yen with me .
I have no more than one~thousand Japanese monetary unit .
I have no more than one~thousand yen .
I have no now .
I have no objection to your agenda .
I have no objection to your audit program .
I have no objection to your audit programme .
I have no objection to your blueprint .
I have no objection to your budget .
I have no objection to your design .
I have no objection to your docket .
I have no objection to your employee savings plan .
I have no objection to your guideline .
I have no objection to your idea .
I have no objection to your master plan .
I have no objection to your outline .
I have no objection to your pattern .
I have no objection to your pension account .
I have no objection to your pension plan .
I have no objection to your plan .
I have no objection to your plan of action .
I have no objection to your project .
I have no objection to your projection .
I have no objection to your regiman .
I have no objection to your regime .
I have no objection to your retirement account .
I have no objection to your retirement plan .
I have no objection to your retirement program .
I have no objection to your retirement savings account .
I have no objection to your retirement savings plan .
I have no objection to your road map .
I have no objection to your schedule .
I have no objection to your schema .
I have no objection to your scheme .
I have no objection to your stock purchase plan .
I have no objection to your thought .
I have no particular expert .
I have no particular talent .
I have no personal hostility to the live body .
I have no personal hostility to the system .
I have no plan .
I have no questions .
I have no result .
I have no skills .
I have no system .
I have no talent .
I have no that .
I have no time for boulevardiers .
I have no time for callers .
I have no time for companies .
I have no time for guests .
I have no time for invitees .
I have no time for travelers .
I have no time for travellers .
I have no time for visiting firemen .
I have no time for visitors .
I have no truth .
I have no use for applied science .
I have no use for engineering .
I have no use for engineering science .
I have no use for it .
I have no use for technology .
I have no visitors .
I have no with .
I have no yen .
I have no yen with me .
I have not eaten any mushrooms !
I have not eaten any poisonous mushrooms !
I have not eaten any poisonous vegetables !
I have not eaten any poisonous veggies !
I have not eaten any poisonous vegs !
I have not vomited yet
I have not vomited yet and I feel nauseous .
I have nothing to say to any of you .
I have nothing to say to any you .
I have one brother
I have one brother and two sisters .
I have one cat
I have one cat and one dog . The cat is black and the dog is white .
I have read every book in the building .
I have read every book in the edifice .
I have read every book in the library .
I have read every library .
I have read that story in some book .
I have read that story in some continuity .
I have read that story in some dialog .
I have read that story in some dialogue .
I have read that story in some dramatic composition .
I have read that story in some dramatic work .
I have read that story in some libretto .
I have read that story in some prompt copy .
I have read that story in some promptbook .
I have read that story in some scenario .
I have read that story in some screenplay .
I have read that story in some shooting script .
I have revenge for breakfast , lunch ,
I have revenge for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
I have so many words in my head , that I feel they would n't exhaust even if I 'd write to you every day
I have so many words in my head , that I feel they would n't exhaust even if I 'd write to you every day and all my life .
I have some Tom .
I have some bad interestingnesses for you .
I have some bad interests for you .
I have some bad news for you .
I have some free period of time right now .
I have some free period right now .
I have some free time period right now .
I have some free time right now .
I have some good news to allocation .
I have some good news to allotment .
I have some good news to allowance .
I have some good news to asset .
I have some good news to cut .
I have some good news to dispensation .
I have some good news to dole .
I have some good news to interest .
I have some good news to piece .
I have some good news to profit sharing .
I have some good news to ration .
I have some good news to share .
I have some good news to slouse .
I have some good news to split .
I have some good news to stake .
I have some good news to tranche .
I have some good news to way .
I have some news for you .
I have some period , but never very much ...
I have some period of time , but never very much ...
I have some questions for Tom .
I have some questions for adult male .
I have some questions for blighter .
I have some questions for bloke .
I have some questions for boy .
I have some questions for boy wonder .
I have some questions for chap .
I have some questions for cus .
I have some questions for fella .
I have some questions for feller .
I have some questions for fellow .
I have some questions for foster brother .
I have some questions for foster-brother .
I have some questions for gent .
I have some questions for individual .
I have some questions for lad .
I have some questions for macho .
I have some questions for male child .
I have some questions for male offspring .
I have some questions for man .
I have some questions for man-child .
I have some questions for mortal .
I have some questions for mother's son .
I have some questions for person .
I have some questions for sirrah .
I have some questions for somebody .
I have some questions for someone .
I have some questions for soul .
I have some share .
I have some time , but never very much ...
I have some time period , but never very much ...
I have some time right now .
I have something to say to all of you .
I have something to say to all you .
I have still some of .
I have still some things to take care of .
I have studied all day .
I have studied all sidereal time .
I have studied all time unit .
I have studied all unit of time .
I have three brothers . One lives in Japan
I have three brothers . One lives in Japan and the other two live abroad .
I have three brothers ; one lives in Japan ,
I have three brothers ; one lives in Japan , and the others abroad .
I have three dogs . One is male
I have three dogs . One is male and the other two are female .
I have to get some alimentary paste .
I have to get some baked good .
I have to get some breakfast food .
I have to get some butter .
I have to get some cheese .
I have to get some chocolate .
I have to get some coconut .
I have to get some coconut meat .
I have to get some convenience food .
I have to get some dika bread .
I have to get some fish .
I have to get some food .
I have to get some fresh food .
I have to get some garden truck .
I have to get some green good .
I have to get some green grocery .
I have to get some health food .
I have to get some junk food .
I have to get some leftover .
I have to get some loaf .
I have to get some meat .
I have to get some pastum .
I have to get some produce .
I have to get some seafood .
I have to get some slop .
I have to get some solid .
I have to get some yoghourt .
I have to get some yoghurt .
I have to get some yogurt .
I have to go to a stupid party with Tom
I have to go to a stupid party with Tom and his stupid friends .
I have to say goodbye to some Christians .
I have to say goodbye to some friends .
I have to say some friends .
I have tried every diet that has ever been published
I have tried every diet that has ever been published and I still have n't lost weight .
I have tried every imaginable .
I have tried every means imaginable .
I have tried to change my shyness but no avail .
I have tried to change my shyness but to no avail .
I have tried to change my shyness but to no helpfulnes .
I have two brothers
I have two brothers and three sisters .
I have two brothers and two sisters .
I have two children . One is a boy
I have two children . One is a boy and the other is a girl .
I have two dogs . One is white
I have two dogs . One is white and the other black .
I have two sisters
I have two sisters and one brother .
I have two sons ; one is in Tokyo ,
I have two sons ; one is in Tokyo , and the other in Nagoya .
I have wonderful news for all of you .
I hear that Bob
I hear that Bob and Lucy have broken up .
I heard that Carol
I heard that Carol and Will have split up .
I heard that Tom
I heard that Tom and Mary are planning to get married .
I heard that Tom and Mary will get married in October .
I heard that the distance between Tokyo
I heard that the distance between Tokyo and Osaka is about 10 km .
I held the fur~coat close to my cheek
I held the fur~coat close to my cheek and dreamt of the day I would be able to afford it .
I hold Mary in the basement
I hold Mary in the basement and rape her every day .
I hope my car does n't break down
I hope my car does n't break down and I get to you on time .
I hope someone turned my missing cellphone in to the lost
I hope someone turned my missing cellphone in to the lost and found .
I hope you
I hope you 're having a fabulous day
I hope you 're having a fabulous day and we need to celebrate our birthdays together soon !
I hope you all liked it
I hope you all liked it and that you all come back soon .
I hope you and Tom will like it here .
I hung the laundry out to dry last night
I hung the laundry out to dry last night and by morning it had frozen hard as a rock .
I hung up
I hung up and called her back again .
I imagine that Tom
I imagine that Tom and Mary will eventually get married .
I just ate sushi
I just ate sushi and drank beer .
I just bought some binder board .
I just bought some binder's board .
I just bought some card .
I just bought some cardboard .
I just bought some corrugated board .
I just bought some corrugated cardboard .
I just bought some packing .
I just bought some packing material .
I just bought some paper .
I just bought some paperboard .
I just bought some pasteboard .
I just bought some poster board .
I just bought some posterboard .
I just bought some strawboard .
I just bought some wadding .
I just heard that Tom
I just heard that Tom and Mary are coming back to Boston for Christmas .
I just heard that Tom and Mary are going to get married .
I just lay on the beach
I just lay on the beach and watched people swim .
I just washed the dishes
I just washed the dishes and now I have to take out the trash .
I just wish I could have some Tom .
I just wish I could have some alone time with Tom .
I just wish I could have some alone time with adult male .
I just wish I could have some alone time with blighter .
I just wish I could have some alone time with bloke .
I just wish I could have some alone time with boy .
I just wish I could have some alone time with boy wonder .
I just wish I could have some alone time with chap .
I just wish I could have some alone time with cus .
I just wish I could have some alone time with fella .
I just wish I could have some alone time with feller .
I just wish I could have some alone time with fellow .
I just wish I could have some alone time with foster brother .
I just wish I could have some alone time with foster-brother .
I just wish I could have some alone time with gent .
I just wish I could have some alone time with individual .
I just wish I could have some alone time with lad .
I just wish I could have some alone time with macho .
I just wish I could have some alone time with male child .
I just wish I could have some alone time with male offspring .
I just wish I could have some alone time with man .
I just wish I could have some alone time with man-child .
I just wish I could have some alone time with mortal .
I just wish I could have some alone time with mother's son .
I just wish I could have some alone time with person .
I just wish I could have some alone time with sirrah .
I just wish I could have some alone time with somebody .
I just wish I could have some alone time with someone .
I just wish I could have some alone time with soul .
I knew it would never work between Tom
I knew it would never work between Tom and me .
I know I can count on every one of you .
I know I can count on every you .
I know Spanish , Basque
I know Spanish , Basque and some English .
I know Tom
I know Tom and Mary used to be friends .
I know Tom and Mary used to good friends .
I know a woman whose first
I know a woman whose first and last names are the same as mine .
I know all I need to know .
I know all know .
I know all of them .
I know all them .
I know both girls .
I know both of the adult females .
I know both of the girls .
I know both of the lovers .
I know both of the women .
I know both of them .
I know both them .
I know each one of you .
I know each you .
I know every New~York .
I know every city .
I know every corner of the city .
I know every corner of the municipality .
I know every inch of New~York .
I know every inch of the administrative district .
I know every inch of the administrative division .
I know every inch of the territorial division .
I know every inch of the town .
I know every town .
I know he knows some Ithiel Towns .
I know he knows some Towns .
I know he knows some architects .
I know he knows some creators .
I know he knows some landscape architects .
I know he knows some landscape gardeners .
I know he knows some landscapers .
I know he knows some landscapists .
I know it 's either Tom
I know it 's either Tom or Mary .
I know neither brothers .
I know neither of his brothers .
I know neither of his cobbers .
I know neither of his friends .
I know neither of the two Beguines .
I know neither of the two fellow members .
I know neither of the two members .
I know neither of the two sisters .
I know neither of them .
I know neither sisters .
I know neither them .
I know nothing about constellations . I can only recognize Orion
I know nothing about constellations . I can only recognize Orion and Cassiopeia . Oh , and the Big Dipper , too .
I know some Etonians in that school .
I know some Ivy Leaguers in that school .
I know some Wykehamists in that school .
I know some art students in that school .
I know some auditors in that school .
I know some boys .
I know some catechumens in that school .
I know some college boys in that school .
I know some college men in that school .
I know some collegians in that school .
I know some crammers in that school .
I know some enrollees in that school .
I know some girls .
I know some law students in that school .
I know some majors in that school .
I know some medical students in that school .
I know some medicos in that school .
I know some most respectable audiences in the town .
I know some most respectable followerss in the town .
I know some most respectable followings in the town .
I know some most respectable groupings in the town .
I know some most respectable groups in the town .
I know some most respectable laities in the town .
I know some most respectable people in the town .
I know some most respectable temporalties in the town .
I know some neophytes in that school .
I know some nonachievers in that school .
I know some nonreaders in that school .
I know some of the Jnrs .
I know some of the Jrs .
I know some of the Juniors .
I know some of the boys .
I know some of the male offsprings .
I know some of the mama's boys .
I know some of the mamma's boys .
I know some of the man-children .
I know some of the mother's boys .
I know some of these adult females .
I know some of these girls .
I know some of these lovers .
I know some of these women .
I know some overachievers in that school .
I know some passers in that school .
I know some people in the town .
I know some scholars in that school .
I know some seminarians in that school .
I know some seminarists in that school .
I know some sixth-formers in that school .
I know some skippers in that school .
I know some students in that school .
I know some underachievers in that school .
I know some underperformers in that school .
I know some withdrawers in that school .
I know that all of this is just a game .
I know that all this is just a game .
I know that if we discbasess it , we can find a solution that will satisfy both of bases .
I know that if we discnucleotidess it , we can find a solution that will satisfy both of nucleotides .
I know that if we discuss it , we can find a solution that will satisfy both of us .
I know that if we discuss it , we can find a solution that will satisfy both us .
I know that you
I know that you and Tom are friends .
I know that you and Tom skipped school yesterday .
I know you
I know you and Tom are friends .
I know you and Tom have had some cans of worms .
I know you and Tom have had some deep waters .
I know you and Tom have had some difficulties .
I know you and Tom have had some growing painss .
I know you and Tom have had some hydrae .
I know you and Tom have had some matters .
I know you and Tom have had some pressure points .
I know you and Tom have had some problems .
I know you had no Hobson's choice .
I know you had no choice .
I know you had no deciding .
I know you had no decision making .
I know you had no default .
I know you had no default option .
I know you had no druther .
I know you had no impossibility .
I know you had no impossible action .
I know you had no obverse .
I know you had no opening .
I know you had no possibility .
I know you had no possible action .
I know you had no preference .
I know you had no soft option .
I knowing all I need to knowing .
I laid down for a short nap
I laid down for a short nap and fell asleep for two hours .
I leaned forward , eager to catch every spoke .
I leaned forward , eager to catch every word he spoke .
I leaned forward , eager to catch every word he support .
I learned to drive a car
I learned to drive a car and got a driver 's license when I was eighteen .
I leave the house at 8.15
I leave the house at 8.15 and arrive at school at 8.45 .
I left some alliaceous plants out on the veranda for too long and they dried out .
I left some scallions out on the veranda for too long
I left some scallions out on the veranda for too long and they dried out .
I like all all .
I like all colors .
I like blue best of all appearances .
I like blue best of all colors .
I like blue best of all visual aspects .
I like carrots least of all .
I like playing tennis
I like playing tennis and golf .
I like steak better than anything else ,
I like steak better than anything else , and eat it every other day .
I like this song . It has an infectious rhythm
I like this song . It has an infectious rhythm and it 's good to dance to .
I like this song ; it 's got a strong beat
I like this song ; it 's got a strong beat and you can dance to it .
I like to ride a horse now
I like to ride a horse now and then .
I liked the sour cherry strudel
I liked the sour cherry strudel and the nut filled strudel .
I liked your idea
I liked your idea and adopted it .
I looked down
I looked down and had absolutely nothing to say .
I lost my temper
I lost my temper and kicked the vending machine .
I lost no it .
I lost no time in doing applied science .
I lost no time in doing engineering .
I lost no time in doing engineering science .
I lost no time in doing it .
I lost no time in doing technology .
I love both of you .
I love both you .
I love my mother
I love my mother and she loves me .
I love rabbits ... with French fries
I love rabbits ... with French fries and a good glass of wine .
I love rabbits ... with chips
I love rabbits ... with chips and a good glass of wine .
I love you
I love you and vice~versa .
I made every English .
I made some bunny-shaped cookies .
I made some bunny-shaped precision cookies .
I made some bunny-shaped session cookies .
I made some bunny-shaped texts .
I made some bunny-shaped textual matters .
I made some cookies .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my American .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my American English .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my American language .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Anglo-Saxon .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my English .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my King's English .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Middle English .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Modern English .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Old English .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Oxford English .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Queen's English .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Received Pronunciation .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Scot .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Scots English .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my Scottish .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my West Germanic .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my West Germanic language .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my cockney .
I made use of every opportunity to improve my geordie .
I mainly participated in the working group " environmental protection
I mainly participated in the working group " environmental protection and sustainable agriculture " .
I meet her at school now
I meet her at school now and then .
I met Mary
I met Mary and John when in London .
I met Naomi on my way home
I met Naomi on my way home and we had a chat .
I met a novelist
I met a novelist and a poet .
I met an ear nose
I met an ear nose and throat doctor at a party on Sunday .
I met some Boswells while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some Confederates while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some Francophiles while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some Francophils while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some Graecophiles while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some Jacobites while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some New Dealers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some Roundheads while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some Shavians while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some Whigs while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some advocates while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some advocators while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some anglophiles while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some anglophils while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some backpackers on the mountain .
I met some believers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some cheerleaders while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some corporatists while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some endorsers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some enthusiasts while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some exponents while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some footers on the mountain .
I met some free traders while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some friends while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some functionalists while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some hikers on the mountain .
I met some indorsers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some loyalists while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some mainstays while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some maintainers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some packers on the mountain .
I met some partisans while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some partizans while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some pedestrians on the mountain .
I met some philhellenes while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some philhellenists while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some pillars while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some proponents while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some ratifiers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some seconders while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some stalwarts while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some subscribers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some sustainers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some sympathisers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some sympathizers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some toasters while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some trusters while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some upholders while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some verifiers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some vouchers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some walkers on the mountain .
I met some wassailers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met some well-wishers while I was waiting for a bus .
I met the girl in the park the other day ,
I met the girl in the park the other day , and I saw her again .
I met two foreigners , one was from Canada ,
I met two foreigners , one was from Canada , and the other from England .
I met your son yesterday
I met your son yesterday and he greeted me politely .
I might be able to come
I might be able to come and pick you up .
I need a rest after all resting !
I need a rest after all that resting !
I need a website to create some lists .
I need a website to create some positions .
I need a website to create some spatial relations .
I need an envelope , a piece of paper ,
I need an envelope , a piece of paper , and a pencil
I need an envelope , a piece of paper , and a pencil or a pen .
I need some accomplouse with my work .
I need some accounting datum from you .
I need some accumulation from you .
I need some actor's assistant with my work .
I need some aggregation from you .
I need some aide with my work .
I need some air .
I need some aliment for my cereal .
I need some alimentation for my cereal .
I need some alone .
I need some alternative medicine to kill the pain .
I need some assemblage from you .
I need some attendant with my work .
I need some attender with my work .
I need some auxiliary with my work .
I need some bat boy with my work .
I need some beet sugar to make a cake .
I need some birthing coach with my work .
I need some bodily fluid for my cereal .
I need some body black lotion .
I need some body blackwash .
I need some body calamine lotion .
I need some body collyrium .
I need some body curative .
I need some body cure .
I need some body embrocation .
I need some body eye-lotion .
I need some body eyewash .
I need some body fluid for my cereal .
I need some body liniment .
I need some body lotion .
I need some body menthol .
I need some body remedy .
I need some body rubbing alcohol .
I need some body therapeutic .
I need some body witch hazel .
I need some body wych hazel .
I need some bread
I need some bread .
I need some bread and milk .
I need some brown sugar to make a cake .
I need some cane sugar to make a cake .
I need some caramel to make a cake .
I need some caramelized sugar to make a cake .
I need some cat's-paw with my work .
I need some chief assistant with my work .
I need some coadjutor with my work .
I need some collection from you .
I need some colostrum for my cereal .
I need some complementary medicine to kill the pain .
I need some confederate with my work .
I need some corn sugar to make a cake .
I need some dental assistant with my work .
I need some deputy with my work .
I need some doula with my work .
I need some dresser with my work .
I need some enforcer with my work .
I need some event planner with my work .
I need some facilitator with my work .
I need some fashion model with my work .
I need some flower girl with my work .
I need some foot soldier with my work .
I need some foremilk for my cereal .
I need some fresh air .
I need some fresh airspace .
I need some fresh part .
I need some fresh region .
I need some girl Friday with my work .
I need some granulated sugar to make a cake .
I need some hatchet man with my work .
I need some help with my work .
I need some hummy for my cereal .
I need some humor for my cereal .
I need some information from you .
I need some instrument with my work .
I need some labor coach with my work .
I need some learned profession to kill the pain .
I need some lieutenant with my work .
I need some liquid body substance for my cereal .
I need some loaf sugar to make a cake .
I need some lotion .
I need some lump sugar to make a cake .
I need some man Friday with my work .
I need some manakin with my work .
I need some manikin with my work .
I need some mannequin with my work .
I need some mannikin with my work .
I need some medicine to kill the pain .
I need some mental action .
I need some mental activation .
I need some mental activity .
I need some mental galvanisation .
I need some mental galvanization .
I need some mental natural action .
I need some mental natural proces .
I need some mental stimulation .
I need some metadatum from you .
I need some milk .
I need some milk for my cereal .
I need some model with my work .
I need some monitrice with my work .
I need some mother's milk for my cereal .
I need some nourishment for my cereal .
I need some nutriment for my cereal .
I need some nutrition for my cereal .
I need some paraprofessional with my work .
I need some pawn with my work .
I need some period of time to think .
I need some period of time to think about it .
I need some period to think .
I need some period to think about it .
I need some poser with my work .
I need some powder monkey with my work .
I need some preventive medicine to kill the pain .
I need some prompter with my work .
I need some raw datum from you .
I need some right-hand man with my work .
I need some secretarial assistant with my work .
I need some secretary with my work .
I need some sidesman with my work .
I need some stimulation .
I need some subordinate with my work .
I need some subsidiary with my work .
I need some sugar loaf to make a cake .
I need some sugar to make a cake .
I need some sugarloaf to make a cake .
I need some sustenance for my cereal .
I need some sweetener to make a cake .
I need some sweetening to make a cake .
I need some tender with my work .
I need some theater prompter with my work .
I need some time alone .
I need some time period to think .
I need some time period to think about it .
I need some time to think .
I need some time to think about it .
I need some underbos with my work .
I need some underling with my work .
I need some victual for my cereal .
I need some water boy with my work .
I need some waterer with my work .
I need some whipper-in with my work .
I need some wholemeal Boston brown bread .
I need some wholemeal English muffin .
I need some wholemeal Host .
I need some wholemeal anadama bread .
I need some wholemeal baked good .
I need some wholemeal bap .
I need some wholemeal barmbrack .
I need some wholemeal bread .
I need some wholemeal bread-stick .
I need some wholemeal breadstick .
I need some wholemeal brown bread .
I need some wholemeal bun .
I need some wholemeal caraway seed bread .
I need some wholemeal challah .
I need some wholemeal cinnamon bread .
I need some wholemeal cracked-wheat bread .
I need some wholemeal cracker .
I need some wholemeal crouton .
I need some wholemeal dark bread .
I need some wholemeal flatbread .
I need some wholemeal garlic bread .
I need some wholemeal gluten bread .
I need some wholemeal hallah .
I need some wholemeal light bread .
I need some wholemeal loaf .
I need some wholemeal loaf of bread .
I need some wholemeal matzah .
I need some wholemeal matzo .
I need some wholemeal matzoh .
I need some wholemeal naan .
I need some wholemeal nan .
I need some wholemeal onion bread .
I need some wholemeal quick bread .
I need some wholemeal raisin bread .
I need some wholemeal roll .
I need some wholemeal rye bread .
I need some wholemeal salt-rising bread .
I need some wholemeal simnel .
I need some wholemeal sour bread .
I need some wholemeal sourdough bread .
I need some wholemeal starch .
I need some wholemeal toast .
I need some wholemeal unleavened bread .
I need some wholemeal wafer .
I need some wholemeal white bread .
I need some wholemeal whole meal bread .
I need some wholemeal whole wheat bread .
I need some worker with my work .
I need someone to hold me
I need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be alright .
I need to buy some poison .
I need to buy some rat atropine .
I need to buy some rat hyoscyamine .
I need to buy some rat poison .
I need to buy some rat substance .
I need to buy some rat toxin .
I need to make some call-backs .
I need to make some calls-in .
I need to make some collect calls .
I need to make some conference calls .
I need to make some crank calls .
I need to make some local calls .
I need to make some long distances .
I need to make some long-distance calls .
I need to make some phone~calls .
I need to make some telephones .
I need to make some telephonies .
I need to make some trunk calls .
I need to make some wake-up calls .
I never actually saw Tom
I never actually saw Tom and John fighting .
I never do any abuse .
I never do any activity .
I never do any application .
I never do any development .
I never do any exercise .
I never do any exploitation .
I never do any misuse .
I never do any play .
I never do any practical application .
I never do any practice .
I never do any recycling .
I never drank any soda .
I never drank any thing but soda .
I never drank any thing but soft drink .
I never get to spend any period of time with Tom .
I never get to spend any period with Tom .
I never get to spend any time period with Tom .
I never get to spend any time with Tom .
I never had any Tom .
I never had any reason to offend Tom .
I never had any reason to offend adult male .
I never had any reason to offend blighter .
I never had any reason to offend bloke .
I never had any reason to offend boy .
I never had any reason to offend boy wonder .
I never had any reason to offend chap .
I never had any reason to offend cus .
I never had any reason to offend fella .
I never had any reason to offend feller .
I never had any reason to offend fellow .
I never had any reason to offend foster brother .
I never had any reason to offend foster-brother .
I never had any reason to offend gent .
I never had any reason to offend individual .
I never had any reason to offend lad .
I never had any reason to offend macho .
I never had any reason to offend male child .
I never had any reason to offend male offspring .
I never had any reason to offend man .
I never had any reason to offend man-child .
I never had any reason to offend mortal .
I never had any reason to offend mother's son .
I never had any reason to offend person .
I never had any reason to offend sirrah .
I never had any reason to offend somebody .
I never had any reason to offend someone .
I never had any reason to offend soul .
I never meant to put you in any chance .
I never meant to put you in any crapshoot .
I never meant to put you in any danger .
I never meant to put you in any gamble .
I never meant to put you in any venture .
I never see a library without wishing I had time to go there
I never see a library without wishing I had time to go there and stay till I had read everything in it .
I never suggested
I never suggested or even hinted that it was Tom who stole Mary 's necklace .
I not only gave him some advice , I also gave him a blowjob .
I not only gave him some blowjob .
I often confuse John
I often confuse John and his twin brother .
I only wish there was some way I could repay you .
I only wish there was some you .
I opened all my Gladstone bags .
I opened all my Gladstones .
I opened all my baggages .
I opened all my carpetbags .
I opened all my garment bags .
I opened all my gripsacks .
I opened all my luggage .
I opened all my overnight bags .
I opened all my overnight cases .
I opened all my overnighters .
I opened all my portmanteaux .
I opened all my suitcases .
I opened all my weekenders .
I opened all suitcases .
I ordered sushi ,
I ordered sushi , and John tempura .
I owe Mary some money
I owe Mary some money and must pay her back by next Monday .
I paid no dollars for this pen .
I paid no less than a hundred dollars for this pen .
I paid no less than a hundred symbols for this pen .
I persuaded her after all
I persuaded her after all and went to camp .
I plan to contact Tom by phone tomorrow
I plan to contact Tom by phone tomorrow and ask him to help us .
I politely turned down his offer
I politely turned down his offer and hung up .
I pronounce you husband
I pronounce you husband and wife .
I put all belongings in a plastic bag .
I put all my belongings in a plastic bag .
I put all my closenesses in a plastic bag .
I put all my comfortablenesses in a plastic bag .
I put all my happiness in a plastic bag .
I put all my intimacies in a plastic bag .
I put some acidophilus milk in my coffee .
I put some beverage in my coffee .
I put some buttermilk in my coffee .
I put some certified milk in my coffee .
I put some chocolate milk in my coffee .
I put some condensed milk in my coffee .
I put some cows' milk in my coffee .
I put some dairy product in my coffee .
I put some dried milk in my coffee .
I put some drink in my coffee .
I put some drinkable in my coffee .
I put some dry milk in my coffee .
I put some evaporated milk in my coffee .
I put some goats' milk in my coffee .
I put some homogenized milk in my coffee .
I put some low-fat milk in my coffee .
I put some milk in my coffee .
I put some milk powder in my coffee .
I put some pasteurized milk in my coffee .
I put some potable in my coffee .
I put some powdered milk in my coffee .
I put some raw milk in my coffee .
I put some scalded milk in my coffee .
I put some semi-skimmed milk in my coffee .
I put some skim milk in my coffee .
I put some skimmed milk in my coffee .
I put some sour milk in my coffee .
I put some whole milk in my coffee .
I put some yak's milk in my coffee .
I put the bag on
I put the bag on or beside the chair .
I rang the bell
I rang the bell and waited .
I recall less
I recall less and less of my childhood .
I recently took a round trip from Abuja to Yola , the capital of Adamawa State
I recently took a round trip from Abuja to Yola , the capital of Adamawa State and back to Abuja , with a fourteen-seater bus .
I recommend that this sentence be deleted after two weeks , as long as there is no objection by then .
I recommend that this sentence be deleted after two weeks , as long as there is no procedure by then .
I recommend that this sentence be deleted after two weeks , as long as there is no recusation by then .
I regret that some machine built out of mechanical parts .
I regret that some of our most intelligent colleagues obstinately cling to a purely technocratic view of language as if it were a machine built out of mechanical parts .
I remember both of you .
I remember both you .
I remember mentioning it once
I remember mentioning it once or twice .
I respect all best .
I respect all who always give it their best .
I respect all who always give it their individual .
I respect all who always give it their mortal .
I respect all who always give it their person .
I respect all who always give it their somebody .
I respect all who always give it their someone .
I respect all who always give it their soul .
I returned the books I borrowed from the library ,
I returned the books I borrowed from the library , and I borrowed some new digits .
I returned the books I borrowed from the library , and I borrowed some new figures .
I returned the books I borrowed from the library , and I borrowed some new monads .
I returned the books I borrowed from the library , and I borrowed some new monass .
I returned the books I borrowed from the library , and I borrowed some new ones .
I returned the books I borrowed from the library , and I borrowed some new singletons .
I returned the books I borrowed from the library , and I borrowed some ones .
I said " good night " to my parents
I said " good night " to my parents and went to bed .
I said nothing ,
I said nothing , and that made him angry .
I sat down
I sat down and opened my laptop .
I sat down and opened my notebook .
I saw Tom
I saw Tom a few minutes ago
I saw Tom a few minutes ago and he looked tired .
I saw Tom and Mary playing a game of dominoes .
I saw Tom and his dog in the park .
I saw Tom yesterday
I saw Tom yesterday and he looked sad .
I saw a girl tumble
I saw a girl tumble and ran to her in spite of myself .
I saw a red car
I saw a red car and a white one . The red one was nicer looking than the white one .
I saw an opportunity
I saw an opportunity and I took it .
I saw grandpa two
I saw grandpa two or three times a week .
I saw him last night in the bar
I saw him last night in the bar and he was really drunk .
I saw him trip
I saw him trip and fall .
I saw no choice .
I saw no other Hobson's choice .
I saw no other choice .
I saw no other deciding .
I saw no other decision making .
I saw no other default .
I saw no other default option .
I saw no other druther .
I saw no other impossibility .
I saw no other impossible action .
I saw no other obverse .
I saw no other opening .
I saw no other possibility .
I saw no other possible action .
I saw no other preference .
I saw no other soft option .
I saw some girls bully her .
I saw some her .
I saw some people aquatic in the river .
I saw some people bathe in the river .
I saw some people dip in the river .
I saw some people dive in the river .
I saw some people diving in the river .
I saw some people floating in the river .
I saw some people natation in the river .
I saw some people plunge in the river .
I saw some people skin diving in the river .
I saw some people skin-dive in the river .
I saw some people skinny-dip in the river .
I saw some people swimming in the river .
I saw some people water sport in the river .
I saw some swimming in the river .
I saw the film
I saw the film and found it interesting .
I saw you working
I saw you working and I did n't bother you .
I saw your light was on
I saw your light was on and knew you were still awake .
I searched for my father 's false teeth at the lost
I searched for my father 's false teeth at the lost and found , but had no luck .
I searched high
I searched high and low for my glasses but could n't find them .
I see a man
I see a man and a woman .
I see him in the library now
I see him in the library now and then .
I see no discussion .
I see no reason to continue this argument .
I see no reason to continue this argumentation .
I see no reason to continue this conference .
I see no reason to continue this debate .
I see no reason to continue this deliberation .
I see no reason to continue this dialogue .
I see no reason to continue this discussion .
I see no reason to continue this group discussion .
I see no reason to continue this language .
I see no reason to continue this negotiation .
I see no reason to continue this oral communication .
I see no reason to continue this panel discussion .
I see no reason to continue this post-mortem .
I see no reason to continue this postmortem .
I see no reason to continue this public discussion .
I see no reason to continue this speech .
I see no reason to continue this speech communication .
I see no reason to continue this spoken communication .
I see no reason to continue this spoken language .
I see no reason to continue this talk .
I see no reason to continue this ventilation .
I see no reason to continue this voice communication .
I see you every now
I see you every now and then .
I sent you a letter last week
I sent you a letter last week and I 'll send you one more today .
I shook hands with Tom
I shook hands with Tom and left .
I smiled at her
I smiled at her and she smiled back .
I smiled at him
I smiled at him and he smiled back .
I sold burke all my records .
I sold it
I sold it and paid my debt .
I sold kill all my records .
I sold off all my balance sheets .
I sold off all my documents .
I sold off all my records .
I sold off all records .
I speak Japanese , English ,
I speak Japanese , English , and French .
I speak Spanish to God , Italian to women , French to men ,
I speak Spanish to God , Italian to women , French to men , and German to my horse .
I spent all had on this .
I spent all the savings I had on this .
I spent some Boston .
I spent some good summer abrogations !
I spent some good summer annulments !
I spent some good summer repeals !
I spent some good summer vacations !
I spent some time in Boston .
I spent some time in municipality .
I spent some time in national capital .
I spent some time in provincial capital .
I spent some time in state capital .
I spent some vacations !
I spent that day listening to the lonely scrapings of a pen . During that time , from time to time , I heard a Java sparrow twittering . It occurred to me that maybe Java sparrows twitter out of loneliness too . I walked out to the veranda to see . Nevertheless , flying to
I spent that day listening to the lonely scrapings of a pen . During that time , from time to time , I heard a Java sparrow twittering . It occurred to me that maybe Java sparrows twitter out of loneliness too . I walked out to the veranda to see . Nevertheless , flying to and fro between two perches busily and incessantly , it did not show the slightest hint of grievance .
I spoke to him in English
I spoke to him in English and found I could make myself understood .
I started a new blog . I 'll do my best not to be one of those people who blogs a lot right at the start
I started a new blog . I 'll do my best not to be one of those people who blogs a lot right at the start and then quits blogging .
I still have some feelings for her .
I still have some her .
I study English
I study English and Japanese .
I swear that I will tell the truth , the whole truth
I swear that I will tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth .
I swim once
I swim once or twice a week .
I talked a long time ,
I talked a long time , and I managed to make her believe me .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at any information if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any ammunition if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any arcanum if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any confirmation if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any content if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any course of study if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any curriculum if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any data format if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any data formatting if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any database if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any detail if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any evidence if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any fact if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any factoid if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any format if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any formatting if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any gen if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any information if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any inside information if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any insider information if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any intelligence if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any intelligence information if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any material if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any message if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any misinformation if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any news if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any nuts and bolt if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any program if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any programme if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any propaganda if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any read-out if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any readout if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any report card if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any report if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any secret if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any skinny if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any stuff if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any subject matter if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any substance if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any syllabu if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any tabular matter if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any tabulation if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any tiding if necessary .
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any word if necessary .
I thank you with all heart .
I thank you with all my heart .
I thank you with all my plane figure .
I thank you with all my two-dimensional figure .
I think I 'm going to need to get things going between Tom
I think I 'm going to need to get things going between Tom and Maria , otherwise they 'll never get together , even though - from a distance - they seem so in love with each~other !
I think Tom
I think Tom and Mary are going to be so happy together .
I think Tom and Mary are in love .
I think Tom and Mary are right .
I think Tom and Mary like each~other .
I think Tom has no motives .
I think Tom has no ulterior ideas .
I think Tom has no ulterior motives .
I think Tom has no ulterior thoughts .
I think Tom has no ulterior toposs .
I think that Tom
I think that Tom and Mary are in trouble .
I think that Tom and only Tom can do it . However , some people think that Mary could do it , too .
I think that maybe Tom
I think that maybe Tom and I could be friends .
I think the following rule is valid for all artificial languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all barrages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all bombardments : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all communications : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all dead languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all indigenous languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all interlanguages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all koines : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all lingua francas : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all linguistic strings : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all metalanguages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all native languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all natural languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all object languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all onslaughts : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all outpourings : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all sign languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all signings : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all slanguages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all source languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all strings of words : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all superstrates : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all superstratums : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all target languages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all tongues : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all usages : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all word strings : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think the following rule is valid for all wordss : the more words you put in use , the more polite it sounds .
I think there has been some here .
I think there has been some kind of misconception .
I think there has been some kind of mistake .
I think there has been some mistake .
I think there has been some misunderstanding here .
I think tlocation has been some misunderstanding location .
I think you 're the woman I 've been waiting for all life .
I think you 're the woman I 've been waiting for all my account .
I think you 're the woman I 've been waiting for all my autobiography .
I think you 're the woman I 've been waiting for all my chronicle .
I think you 're the woman I 've been waiting for all my hagiography .
I think you 're the woman I 've been waiting for all my history .
I think you 're the woman I 've been waiting for all my life .
I think you 're the woman I 've been waiting for all my profile .
I think you 're the woman I 've been waiting for all my story .
I think you need some half rest .
I think you need some musical notation .
I think you need some physical condition .
I think you need some physiological condition .
I think you need some physiological state .
I think you need some quarter rest .
I think you need some rest .
I think you need some sleep .
I think you need some whole rest .
I thought Tom
I thought Tom and Mary broke up .
I thought Tom and Mary made such a nice couple .
I thought Tom and Mary should meet .
I thought Tom and Mary were both dead .
I thought Tom and Mary were busy .
I thought Tom and Mary were crazy .
I thought Tom and Mary were going to kill John .
I thought Tom and Mary were going to use me as a hostage .
I thought Tom and Mary were hungry .
I thought Tom and Mary were married .
I thought Tom and Mary were twins .
I thought it would be like a few little steps with skips
I thought it would be like a few little steps with skips and turns .
I thought you , of all families , would understand .
I thought you , of all family lines , would understand .
I thought you , of all folks , would understand .
I thought you , of all kinfolks , would understand .
I thought you , of all kinsfolks , would understand .
I thought you , of all people , would understand .
I thought you , of all phratries , would understand .
I thought you , of all septs , would understand .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some BLTs .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some Cuban sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some Italian sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some Reubens .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some Sloppy Joes .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some bacon-lettuce-tomato sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some beefburgers .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some bombers .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some burgers .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some butties .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some chicken sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some club sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some grinders .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some gyroes .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some ham sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some hamburgers .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some hero sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some heroes .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some hoagies .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some hot dogs .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some hotdogs .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some open sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some open-face sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some poor boys .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some red hots .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some snack foods .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some submarine sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some submarines .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some subs .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some three-deckers .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some torpedoes .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some triple-deckers .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some tunaburgers .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some wedges .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some western sandwiches .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some westerns .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some wraps .
I thought you might be hungry , so I made some zeps .
I threw a ball to my dog
I threw a ball to my dog and he caught it in his mouth .
I threw the rope
I threw the rope and she caught hold of it .
I told Tom I needed some air .
I told Tom I needed some airspace .
I told Tom I needed some part .
I told Tom I needed some region .
I told her she looked pale ,
I told her she looked pale , and asked if she was all right .
I told her that if I could be of any cleanlines I would be glad to help .
I told her that if I could be of any custom I would be glad to help .
I told her that if I could be of any ritual I would be glad to help .
I told her that if I could be of any second nature I would be glad to help .
I told her that if I could be of any usage I would be glad to help .
I told her that if I could be of any usance I would be glad to help .
I told her that if I could be of any use I would be glad to help .
I took a bath
I took a bath and then had a glass of beer .
I took a shower
I took a shower and then went to bed .
I took advantage of a sale
I took advantage of a sale and bought three sweaters .
I took every Esperanto .
I took every opportunity to improve my Esperanto .
I took every opportunity to improve my artificial language .
I took leave of the villagers
I took leave of the villagers and made for my next destination .
I took my shoes off
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed .
I took my shoes off and threw them out the window .
I took off my hat
I took off my hat and entered the church .
I tried a piece of cake
I tried a piece of cake and it was delicious .
I tried to cheer her up , but all she wanted was to be alone .
I tried to cheer her up , but all wanted was to be alone .
I tried to get it , but no purpose .
I tried to get it , but to no diligence .
I tried to get it , but to no doggednes .
I tried to get it , but to no firmnes .
I tried to get it , but to no firmness of purpose .
I tried to get it , but to no indefatigability .
I tried to get it , but to no indefatigablenes .
I tried to get it , but to no industriousnes .
I tried to get it , but to no industry .
I tried to get it , but to no perseverance .
I tried to get it , but to no persistence .
I tried to get it , but to no persistency .
I tried to get it , but to no pertinacity .
I tried to get it , but to no purpose .
I tried to get it , but to no resolutenes .
I tried to get it , but to no resolution .
I tried to get it , but to no resolve .
I tried to get it , but to no tenaciousnes .
I tried to get it , but to no tenacity .
I tried to get it , but to no tirelessnes .
I truly value my friends
I truly value my friends and will never have " enough "
I truly value my friends and will never have " enough " or too many .
I trusted her
I trusted her and I believed her .
I trusted him
I trusted him and I believed him .
I trusted him with all had .
I trusted him with all the money I had .
I understand everything now
I understand everything now and I regret that Tom is not here with me now .
I understand no English
I understand no English and German even autoimmune diseases .
I understand no English and German even autoimmune disorders .
I understand no English and German even less .
I understand no English and German even lupuss .
I understand no less .
I understand that you
I understand that you and Tom are planning to get married .
I usually have supper between 7
I usually have supper between 7 and 8~p.m.
I want some answers
I want some answers and I want them now .
I want some evasive answers and I want them now .
I want some nolo contenderes and I want them now .
I want some non vults and I want them now .
I want some pleadings and I want them now .
I want some pleas and I want them now .
I want to buy some dark bifocalss .
I want to buy some dark dark glassess .
I want to buy some dark glasses .
I want to buy some dark goggless .
I want to buy some dark lorgnettes .
I want to buy some dark optical instruments .
I want to buy some dark pince-nezs .
I want to buy some dark shadess .
I want to buy some dark sunglassess .
I want to buy some glasses .
I want to eat some cake first .
I want to eat some dish first .
I want to eat some fish ball first .
I want to eat some fish cake first .
I want to find out if Tom is going to go out
I want to find out if Tom is going to go out and eat with us .
I want to go
I want to go abroad , for instance , to Italy
I want to go abroad , for instance , to Italy and Spain .
I want to go and live in Luxembourg !
I want to learn all 1,000 languages on this list by July .
I want to learn all 1,000 oral communications on this list by July .
I want to learn all 1,000 speech communications on this list by July .
I want to learn all 1,000 speeches on this list by July .
I want to learn all 1,000 spoken communications on this list by July .
I want to learn all 1,000 spoken languages on this list by July .
I want to learn all 1,000 voice communications on this list by July .
I want to learn all 1,000 words on this list by July .
I want to learn all words on this list by July .
I want to live in Kyoto
I want to live in Kyoto or in Nara .
I want to talk to all of them .
I want to talk to all them .
I want you to go
I want you to go and see if it 's still there .
I wanted to buy the book , but I found I had no more than 200 Japanese monetary unit with me .
I wanted to buy the book , but I found I had no more than 200 yen with me .
I wanted to buy the book , but I found I had no yen with me .
I was able to answer all questions .
I was able to answer all the marriage offers .
I was able to answer all the marriage proposals .
I was able to answer all the proposals .
I was able to answer all the proposals of marriage .
I was able to answer all the questions .
I was also impressed with the school 's cleanliness
I was also impressed with the school 's cleanliness and the students ' pride in it .
I was angry
I was angry and confused .
I was born
I was born and raised in Tokyo .
I was buying some albums from the albumstore .
I was buying some books from the bookstore .
I was buying some coffee-table books from the coffee-table bookstore .
I was buying some folios from the foliostore .
I was buying some hardbacks from the hardbackstore .
I was buying some hardcovers from the hardcoverstore .
I was buying some journals from the journalstore .
I was buying some notebooks from the notebookstore .
I was buying some novels from the novelstore .
I was buying some order books from the order bookstore .
I was buying some paper-back books from the paper-back bookstore .
I was buying some paperback books from the paperback bookstore .
I was buying some paperbacks from the paperbackstore .
I was buying some picture books from the picture bookstore .
I was buying some productions from the productionstore .
I was buying some products from the productstore .
I was buying some sketch blocks from the sketch blockstore .
I was buying some sketch pads from the sketch padstore .
I was buying some sketchbooks from the sketchbookstore .
I was buying some soft-cover books from the soft-cover bookstore .
I was buying some soft-covers from the soft-coverstore .
I was buying some softback books from the softback bookstore .
I was buying some softbacks from the softbackstore .
I was going to try
I was going to try and get the archive , but I forgot .
I was going to write to you , but I started doing other things
I was going to write to you , but I started doing other things and forgot .
I was hungry
I was hungry and angry .
I was hungry and thirsty .
I was hungry and you 've given me something to eat .
I was hungry but there was no cream for me .
I was hungry but there was no fruit
I was hungry but there was no fruit or ice cream for me .
I was hungry but there was no fruit or ice elite for me .
I was hungry but there was no fruit or ice elite group for me .
I was n't careful ,
I was n't careful , and now I have sunburns all over me .
I was nervous
I was nervous and scared .
I was no longer myself
I was no longer myself and had severe depression .
I was raised by Tom
I was raised by Tom and Mary .
I was robbed of no more than 1,000 Japanese monetary unit .
I was robbed of no more than 1,000 yen .
I was robbed of no yen .
I was tied up until very late getting some belongingss in order .
I was tied up until very late getting some holdings in order .
I was tied up until very late getting some properties in order .
I was tied up until very late getting some things in order .
I was very thirsty
I was very thirsty and I wanted to drink something cold .
I was young
I was young ,
I was young , and I wanted to live .
I was young and I needed the money .
I was young and immature at the time .
I was your inspiration for this sentence ,
I was your inspiration for this sentence , and you know it .
I washed myself
I washed myself and felt much better .
I watched John
I watched John and Mary walking hand in hand .
I watched this movie last night
I watched this movie last night and I really liked it .
I waved goodbye
I waved goodbye and then walked away .
I wear cool clothes
I wear cool clothes and cool sunglasses .
I went on vacation ,
I went on vacation , and my plants are still alive .
I went out for a walk to get some air .
I went out for a walk to get some fresh air .
I went out for a walk to get some fresh breath .
I went out for a walk to get some fresh ga .
I went out for a walk to get some fresh hot air .
I went out for a walk to get some fresh liquid air .
I went to the beach with Tom
I went to the beach with Tom and his friends .
I will respond to both letters .
I will respond to both of your As .
I will respond to both of your Bs .
I will respond to both of your Cs .
I will respond to both of your Ds .
I will respond to both of your Es .
I will respond to both of your Fs .
I will respond to both of your Gs .
I will respond to both of your Hs .
I will respond to both of your Js .
I will respond to both of your Ks .
I will respond to both of your Ls .
I will respond to both of your Ms .
I will respond to both of your Ns .
I will respond to both of your Os .
I will respond to both of your Ps .
I will respond to both of your Qs .
I will respond to both of your Ss .
I will respond to both of your Ts .
I will respond to both of your Us .
I will respond to both of your Vs .
I will respond to both of your Ws .
I will respond to both of your Xs .
I will respond to both of your Ys .
I will respond to both of your Zs .
I will respond to both of your alephs .
I will respond to both of your alphas .
I will respond to both of your ascenders .
I will respond to both of your ayins .
I will respond to both of your betas .
I will respond to both of your beths .
I will respond to both of your block capitals .
I will respond to both of your block letters .
I will respond to both of your bs .
I will respond to both of your characters .
I will respond to both of your consonants .
I will respond to both of your cs .
I will respond to both of your daleths .
I will respond to both of your deltas .
I will respond to both of your descenders .
I will respond to both of your digrams .
I will respond to both of your digraphs .
I will respond to both of your dousble-us .
I will respond to both of your ds .
I will respond to both of your epsilons .
I will respond to both of your es .
I will respond to both of your etas .
I will respond to both of your exes .
I will respond to both of your ezeds .
I will respond to both of your fs .
I will respond to both of your gammas .
I will respond to both of your gimels .
I will respond to both of your graphemes .
I will respond to both of your graphic symbols .
I will respond to both of your gs .
I will respond to both of your heths .
I will respond to both of your hs .
I will respond to both of your ies .
I will respond to both of your initials .
I will respond to both of your iotas .
I will respond to both of your is .
I will respond to both of your izzards .
I will respond to both of your js .
I will respond to both of your kaphs .
I will respond to both of your kappas .
I will respond to both of your khis .
I will respond to both of your ks .
I will respond to both of your lambdas .
I will respond to both of your lamedhs .
I will respond to both of your letters .
I will respond to both of your ls .
I will respond to both of your mems .
I will respond to both of your ms .
I will respond to both of your mus .
I will respond to both of your ns .
I will respond to both of your nuns .
I will respond to both of your nus .
I will respond to both of your oes .
I will respond to both of your omegas .
I will respond to both of your omicrons .
I will respond to both of your pes .
I will respond to both of your phis .
I will respond to both of your pis .
I will respond to both of your polyphones .
I will respond to both of your polyphonic letters .
I will respond to both of your ps .
I will respond to both of your psis .
I will respond to both of your qophs .
I will respond to both of your qs .
I will respond to both of your reshes .
I will respond to both of your rhoes .
I will respond to both of your rs .
I will respond to both of your sadhes .
I will respond to both of your samekhs .
I will respond to both of your shins .
I will respond to both of your sigmas .
I will respond to both of your sins .
I will respond to both of your some .
I will respond to both of your ss .
I will respond to both of your taus .
I will respond to both of your taws .
I will respond to both of your teths .
I will respond to both of your thetas .
I will respond to both of your they .
I will respond to both of your ts .
I will respond to both of your upsilons .
I will respond to both of your us .
I will respond to both of your vowels .
I will respond to both of your vs .
I will respond to both of your waws .
I will respond to both of your we .
I will respond to both of your ws .
I will respond to both of your wyes .
I will respond to both of your xes .
I will respond to both of your xis .
I will respond to both of your yodhs .
I will respond to both of your zayins .
I will respond to both of your zeds .
I will respond to both of your zees .
I will respond to both of your zetas .
I will respond to both of your zs .
I wish there were no catechism .
I wish there were no cross-examination .
I wish there were no debriefing .
I wish there were no deposition .
I wish there were no direct examination .
I wish there were no examination .
I wish there were no inquiring .
I wish there were no inquisition .
I wish there were no interview .
I wish there were no questioning .
I wish there were no redirect examination .
I wish there were no reexamination .
I wish there were no third degree .
I wish there were thousands of sentences in every language in Tatoeba .
I wish there were thousands of sentences in every minority language in Tatoeba .
I wish there were thousands of sentences in every minority markup language in Tatoeba .
I wish there were thousands of sentences in every minority toponomy in Tatoeba .
I wish there were thousands of sentences in every minority toponymy in Tatoeba .
I wish there were thousands of sentences in every minority word in Tatoeba .
I wish you all a merry Christmas
I wish you all a merry Christmas and a happy new year .
I wish you all year .
I withdrew some appropriation from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some boodle from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some bread from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some cabbage from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some clam from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some dinero from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some dough from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some fund from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some gelt from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some kale from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some lettuce from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some lolly from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some loot from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some lucre from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some medium of exchange from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some monetary fund from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some monetary system from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some money from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some moolah from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some pelf from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some scratch from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some shekel from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some shinplaster from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some simoleon from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some subsidisation from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some subsidization from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some sugar from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some token money from the bank for my trip .
I withdrew some wampum from the bank for my trip .
I won fair
I won fair and square .
I wonder if the first week
I wonder if the first week or so of July is too early to go to the beach .
I wonder where you came up with the idea that I 'm familiar with robotics
I wonder where you came up with the idea that I 'm familiar with robotics and such .
I work every other day : Monday , Wednesday
I work every other day : Monday , Wednesday ,
I work every other day : Monday , Wednesday , and Friday .
I work every other day : Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
I worked as if there were no future .
I worked as if there were no futurity .
I worked as if there were no hereafter .
I worked as if there were no time to come .
I worked as if there were no tomorrow .
I would like to learn to play the piano , guitar
I would like to learn to play the piano , guitar or flute .
I would like to thank my parents , Tom
I would like to thank my parents , Tom and Mary .
I would like to thank you in advance for any help that you are able to give her .
I would like to thank you in advance for any her .
I would n’t go there for all China !
I would n’t go there for all the tea in China !
I write every chance I get .
I write every chance I return .
I write every get .
I wrote some poems last period .
I wrote some poems last period of time .
I wrote some poems last time period .
I wrote some poems last weekend .
I wrote some weekend .
I ’ve had enough of Tom
I ’ve had enough of Tom and Mary .
Iberism is a movement that supports the unification of the Iberian peoples
Iberism is a movement that supports the unification of the Iberian peoples and its nations such as Catalonia , Castile , Portugal , Galicia , Basque Country , Andalusia ...
Iceland is an island nation in the North Atlantic between Greenland , the Faroe~Islands
Iceland is an island nation in the North Atlantic between Greenland , the Faroe~Islands and Norway .
If I could rearrange the alphabet , I would put U
If I could rearrange the alphabet , I would put U and I together .
If I gave no answer , I would not have spoken .
If I gave no feedback , I would not have spoken .
If I gave no rescript , I would not have spoken .
If I gave no statement , I would not have spoken .
If I had time
If I had time and money , I 'd travel to Europe .
If I were again beginning my studies , I would follow Plato 's advice
If I were again beginning my studies , I would follow Plato 's advice and start with mathematics .
If I were in my kitchen now , I could add salt
If I were in my kitchen now , I could add salt and pepper to the mushrooms .
If Mary 's mother had n't meddled in their marriage , Tom
If Mary 's mother had n't meddled in their marriage , Tom and Mary might still be together .
If a dog bites you , wash the wound with soap
If a dog bites you , wash the wound with soap and water .
If a meteoroid falls into the Earth 's atmosphere , it will begin to heat up
If a meteoroid falls into the Earth 's atmosphere , it will begin to heat up and start to glow . This is called a meteor .
If a woman has the choice between love
If a woman has the choice between love and wealth , she always tries to choose both .
If he is not rich , he is at any happy .
If he is not rich , he is at any rate happy .
If it had n't been for Lindbergh 's luck
If it had n't been for Lindbergh 's luck and his knowledge of flying , he could never have succeeded in crossing the Atlantic .
If it looks like a duck
If it looks like a duck , swims like a duck ,
If it looks like a duck , swims like a duck , and quacks like a duck , then it probably is a duck .
If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck , then it 's probably not a squirrel .
If it rains tomorrow , there will be no airing .
If it rains tomorrow , there will be no excursion .
If it rains tomorrow , there will be no field trip .
If it rains tomorrow , there will be no journey .
If it rains tomorrow , there will be no journeying .
If it were not for the sun , there would be no earth .
If it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the connecter .
If it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the connection .
If it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the connective .
If it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the connector .
If it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the connexion .
If it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the earth .
If it were not for water , there would be no earth .
If it were not for water , there would be no life on the connecter .
If it were not for water , there would be no life on the connection .
If it were not for water , there would be no life on the connective .
If it were not for water , there would be no life on the connector .
If it were not for water , there would be no life on the connexion .
If it were not for water , there would be no life on the earth .
If levomepromazine is given concomitantly with opioids , the opioid-dose should be reduced , because levomepromazine amplifies the therapeutic actions
If levomepromazine is given concomitantly with opioids , the opioid-dose should be reduced , because levomepromazine amplifies the therapeutic actions and side-effects of opioids massively .
If my plane does n't crash ,
If my plane does n't crash , and if I do not get kidnapped by organ thieves , I will drop you a line at the beginning of the week .
If only her husband helped her , most home would disappear .
If only her husband helped her , most of her problems at home would disappear .
If people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes , they get nervous
If people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes , they get nervous and irritable .
If the ball hits you somewhere else than on the head
If the ball hits you somewhere else than on the head or hands , you 're out .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no action but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no ballot but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no balloting but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no casting but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no choice but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no coloration but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no colouration but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no conclusion but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no decision but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no determination but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no election but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no sampling but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no volition but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no vote but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no voting but to do so .
If the boss says you 've got to work overtime , then there 's no willing but to do so .
If there 's no death , then you 'd better make this life count .
If there 's no facility , there 's no whisky .
If there 's no installation , there 's no whisky .
If there 's no life after death , then you 'd better make this life count .
If there 's no solution , then there 's no problem .
If there 's no succes , then there 's no problem .
If there 's no water , there 's no whisky .
If there are two in a room
If there are two in a room and three go out , one must go in , so that none is in the room .
If there is already an account , there is a system by which you are able to send
If there is already an account , there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email .
If there was no air , man could not live for even ten minutes .
If there was no airspace , man could not live for even ten minutes .
If there was no light , all the animals would be dead .
If there was no light , we would not be able to live .
If there was no part , man could not live for even ten minutes .
If there was no region , man could not live for even ten minutes .
If there was no sun , all animals would be dead .
If there was no sun , all the animals would be dead .
If there was no sun , we would not be able to live .
If there was no sunburst , all the animals would be dead .
If there was no sunburst , we would not be able to live .
If there was no visible light , all the animals would be dead .
If there was no visible light , we would not be able to live .
If there was no visible radiation , all the animals would be dead .
If there was no visible radiation , we would not be able to live .
If we were supposed to talk more than listen , we would have been given two mouths
If we were supposed to talk more than listen , we would have been given two mouths and one ear .
If yet another conflict were to develop before the force can be bolstered , it would take longer to fight
If yet another conflict were to develop before the force can be bolstered , it would take longer to fight and cost more American casualties than otherwise might be expected .
If you do that again , I 'll come
If you do that again , I 'll come and cut your throat when you 're asleep .
If you find a bad wife
If you find a bad wife and get married to her , then it will certainly be difficult to be happy later .
If you have any doubts , let me know without any hesitation .
If you have any doubts , let me know without any involuntarines .
If you have any doubts , let me know without any sloth .
If you have any doubts , let me know without any slothfulnes .
If you have any doubts , let me know without any unwillingnes .
If you have any hesitation .
If you have any marriage offers , please let me know .
If you have any marriage proposals , please let me know .
If you have any proposals , please let me know .
If you have any proposals of marriage , please let me know .
If you have any questions , please let me know .
If you know that something unpleasant will happen , that you will go to the dentist for example ,
If you know that something unpleasant will happen , that you will go to the dentist for example , or to France , then that is not good .
If you lend someone $ 20
If you lend someone $ 20 and never see that person again , it was probably worth it .
If you make a mistake , give yourself a break
If you make a mistake , give yourself a break and try again .
If you memorize 5 English words a day , you 'll be able to memorize 1,825 words in a year
If you memorize 5 English words a day , you 'll be able to memorize 1,825 words in a year and 182,620 words in 100 years .
If you mix blue
If you mix blue and red , the result is purple .
If you mix blue and red , you 'll get purple .
If you mix blue and red , you get violet .
If you need help , all do is call .
If you need help , all you have to do is call .
If you need some accomplouse , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some actor's assistant , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some aide , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some attendant , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some attender , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some auxiliary , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some bat boy , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some birthing coach , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some cat's-paw , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some chief assistant , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some coadjutor , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some confederate , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some dental assistant , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some deputy , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some doula , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some dresser , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some enforcer , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some event planner , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some facilitator , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some fashion model , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some flower girl , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some foot soldier , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some girl Friday , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some hatchet man , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some help , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some instrument , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some labor coach , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some lieutenant , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some man Friday , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some manakin , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some manikin , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some mannequin , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some mannikin , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some model , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some monitrice , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some more consultancy , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more cosmetology , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more dental practice , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more employment , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more exercise , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more law practice , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more medical practice , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more optometry , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more practice , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more private practice , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more usage , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more use , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more utilisation , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more utilization , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some more witching , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some paraprofessional , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some pawn , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some poser , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some powder monkey , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some practice , our study needs a good clean out !
If you need some prompter , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some right-hand man , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some secretarial assistant , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some secretary , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some sidesman , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some subordinate , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some subsidiary , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some tender , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some theater prompter , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some underbos , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some underling , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some water boy , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some waterer , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some whipper-in , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need some worker , just inquire the higher ranking official .
If you need to blame someone , blame Tom
If you need to blame someone , blame Tom and me .
If you really want to speak to me , it 's now
If you really want to speak to me , it 's now or never .
If you run into trouble , I 'll help ,
If you run into trouble , I 'll help , and so will my father .
If you want a lawyer
If you want a lawyer and ca n't afford one , one will be appointed to you .
Ignorance has no endings .
Ignorance has no ends .
Ignorance has no limits .
Imagine there 's a war
Imagine there 's a war and no one shows up .
Imogen of the Internet has only been photographed by cheap webcams
Imogen of the Internet has only been photographed by cheap webcams and cell~phones .
In 1833 Van Hasselt left~Maastricht , then blockaded by the Belgian forces ,
In 1833 Van Hasselt left~Maastricht , then blockaded by the Belgian forces , and made his way to Brussels , where he became a naturalized Belgian , and was attached to the Bibliotheque de Bourgogne .
In 1900 , he left England ,
In 1900 , he left England , and he never returned .
In 1935 a writer published a book of poetry with funds provided by his mother . In the dedication he thanked all manuscript .
In 1935 a writer published a book of poetry with funds provided by his mother . In the dedication he thanked all the editors who had rejected his manuscript .
In 1935 a writer published a book of poetry with funds provided by his mother . In the dedication he thanked all the editors who had rejected his piece of writing .
In 1935 a writer published a book of poetry with funds provided by his mother . In the dedication he thanked all the editors who had rejected his writing .
In 1935 a writer published a book of poetry with funds provided by his mother . In the dedication he thanked all the editors who had rejected his written material .
In 1956 Accardo won the Geneva~Competition
In 1956 Accardo won the Geneva~Competition and in 1958 became the first prize winner of the Paganini~Competition in Genoa .
In 1969 , Armstrong was commander of Apollo 11 , the first manned lunar landing mission ,
In 1969 , Armstrong was commander of Apollo 11 , the first manned lunar landing mission , and gained the distinction of being the first man to land a craft on the Moon and the first man to step on its surface .
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China .
In 1994 , there was a shortage of water
In 1994 , there was a shortage of water and rice in Japan .
In 2001 , the EU introduced a six-month compulsory quarantine for all domestic imagings .
In 2001 , the EU introduced a six-month compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets .
In 2001 , the EU introduced a six-month compulsory quarantine for all domestic tomographies .
In 2001 , the EU introduced all pets .
In 2009 , coyotes killed 2,500 sheep
In 2009 , coyotes killed 2,500 sheep and 12,000 lambs in the state of Montana .
In Asian culture it 's customary to take one 's shoes off before entering a house
In Asian culture it 's customary to take one 's shoes off before entering a house or temple .
In August , Gates ' foundation gave Yunus ' Grameen Foundation 1.5~million for a program to extend its microfinance programs to 5~million more of the world 's poorest families . Three years ago , tech entrepreneur Craig McCaw provided 2~million to start up the Grameen Technology Center , which is using microcredit to finance cheap mobile service for people in Uganda
In August , Gates ' foundation gave Yunus ' Grameen Foundation 1.5~million for a program to extend its microfinance programs to 5~million more of the world 's poorest families . Three years ago , tech entrepreneur Craig McCaw provided 2~million to start up the Grameen Technology Center , which is using microcredit to finance cheap mobile service for people in Uganda and Rwanda.
In China , you have to go to the departure station
In China , you have to go to the departure station and buy train tickets there .
In England Salvation~Army social workers
In England Salvation~Army social workers and volunteers have been trained in outreach work to make contact with homeless people on the streets .
In English at least , the name of all the continents end with the same letter that they start with .
In English there are some Japanese .
In English there are some words borrowed from Altaic languages .
In English there are some words borrowed from Altaics .
In English there are some words borrowed from Japanese .
In English there are some words borrowed from Ryukyuans .
In Esperanto there is no article .
In Esperanto there is no indefinite
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite artefact .
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite article .
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite article of commerce .
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite artifact .
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite breakable .
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite knickknack .
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite notion .
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite novelty .
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite ware .
In February of 1995 , one man single-handedly bankrupted the bank that financed the Napoleonic Wars . Founded in 1762 , Barings Bank was Britain 's oldest merchant bank
In February of 1995 , one man single-handedly bankrupted the bank that financed the Napoleonic Wars . Founded in 1762 , Barings Bank was Britain 's oldest merchant bank and Queen Elizabeth 's personal bank .
In France , art dealers are obliged by law to register all auction .
In France , art dealers are obliged by law to register all purchases except those bought at a public auction .
In France , art dealers are obliged by law to register all purchases except those bought at a public bridge .
In Hans Christian Andersen 's classic fairy tale , " The Emperor 's New~Clothes , " two swindlers promise an emperor beautiful new clothes that are invisible to anyone who is unfit for their position , unjust
In Hans Christian Andersen 's classic fairy tale , " The Emperor 's New~Clothes , " two swindlers promise an emperor beautiful new clothes that are invisible to anyone who is unfit for their position , unjust or stupid .
In Hawaii , one can enjoy sea bathing all round .
In Hawaii , one can enjoy sea bathing all the year partsong .
In Hawaii , one can enjoy sea bathing all the year round .
In Hawaii hamburgers are often topped with teriyaki sauce , derived from the Japanese-American culture ,
In Hawaii hamburgers are often topped with teriyaki sauce , derived from the Japanese-American culture , and locally grown pineapple .
In India , carpets are made mostly in Uttar Pradesh , which adopted a " Child Labour Abolition
In India , carpets are made mostly in Uttar Pradesh , which adopted a " Child Labour Abolition and Regulation Act " in 1986 .
In India several million children between ages 5
In India several million children between ages 5 and 14 are in chronic bondage in agriculture a million in construction brick making and quarry work and several hundred~thousand in carpet and jewelry industries according to Kailash Satyarthi chairman of South~Asia Coalition on Child Servitude .
In Italy , big protests by students
In Italy , big protests by students and university staff against government reforms to higher education brought parts of central Rome to a standstill on Tuesday .
In Japan , attendance at elementary
In Japan , attendance at elementary and junior high~school is compulsory .
In Japan , there is no Lake~Biwa .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than Lake~Biwa .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than artificial lake .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than bayou .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than body of water .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than lagoon .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than laguna .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than lagune .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than loch .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than lough .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than man-made lake .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than oxbow lake .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than pond .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than pool .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than reservoir .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than tarn .
In Japan , there is no lake bigger than water .
In Japan all roads are single lane .
In Japan almost all roads are single lane .
In Japan you can always catch a cab , day
In Japan you can always catch a cab , day or night .
In Kyoto , you can see both old
In Kyoto , you can see both old and modern buildings .
In March 1999 , Marcy
In March 1999 , Marcy and Butler announced the detection of the first true other " solar system " in which they found evidence of 3 planets orbiting a single star . The star is called Upsilon Andromedae .
In November 1990 , the president announced that opposition political parties would be permitted to organize in 1991 . Several new parties emerged , including the Democratic~Republican Movement ( MDR ) , the Liberal Party ( LP ) , the Democratic
In November 1990 , the president announced that opposition political parties would be permitted to organize in 1991 . Several new parties emerged , including the Democratic~Republican Movement ( MDR ) , the Liberal Party ( LP ) , the Democratic and Socialist Party ( PSD ) , and the Coalition for the Defense of the Republic ( CDR ) .
In November 1994 , News of Norway reviewed a Norwegian novel just released in the United~States , Sophie's~World " by the high school philosophy teacher
In November 1994 , News of Norway reviewed a Norwegian novel just released in the United~States , Sophie's~World " by the high school philosophy teacher and author Jostein~Gaarder .
In Spain
In Spain and France , we buy fresh bread every day .
In a fit of anger I punched the wall
In a fit of anger I punched the wall and broke my index finger .
In a scary scene , it never fails that there is either an owl hooting
In a scary scene , it never fails that there is either an owl hooting or wolves howling under the full moon .
In a wide-ranging , marathon news conference , Mr Putin said Russia was now one of the world 's most powerful economies , with a rapid growth rate - about 6.9 in 2006 -
In a wide-ranging , marathon news conference , Mr Putin said Russia was now one of the world 's most powerful economies , with a rapid growth rate - about 6.9 in 2006 - and declining inflation .
In all .
In all Europe , there will be monstrous festivals this year .
In all of my ascensions , I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount~Everest .
In all of my motions , I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount~Everest .
In all of my movements , I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount~Everest .
In all of my travels , I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount~Everest .
In all of my travels , I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than alp .
In all of my travels , I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than elevation .
In all of my travels , I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than natural elevation .
In all riches , he is not at~all happy .
In all the rest of Europe , there will be monstrous festivals this year .
In all travels , I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount~Everest .
In an interview this week , the president said that Vice~President Dick~Cheney
In an interview this week , the president said that Vice~President Dick~Cheney and Defense~Secretary Donald~Rumsfeld will be a valued part of his administration until his presidency comes to an end .
In ancient Rome , the bodyguards who surrounded the wealthy
In ancient Rome , the bodyguards who surrounded the wealthy and powerful to protect them when they walked the streets , were called satellites .
In any bastardy proceeding , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any bastardy proceeding you had better obey your parents .
In any case , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any case you had better obey your parents .
In any civil suit , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any civil suit you had better obey your parents .
In any class action , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any class action you had better obey your parents .
In any class-action suit , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any class-action suit you had better obey your parents .
In any countersuit , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any countersuit you had better obey your parents .
In any criminal suit , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any criminal suit you had better obey your parents .
In any legal proceeding , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any legal proceeding you had better obey your parents .
In any moot , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any moot you had better obey your parents .
In any paternity suit , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any paternity suit you had better obey your parents .
In any proceeding , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any proceeding you had better obey your parents .
In any proceedings , I have fulfilled my duty .
In any proceedings you had better obey your parents .
In both appearance
In both appearance and anal personality , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and anal retentive personality , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and attribute , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and genital personality , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and identity , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and individuality , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and narcissistic personality , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and obsessive-compulsive personality , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and oral personality , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and personablenes , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and personal identity , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both appearance and personality , Tom is exactly like his father .
In both personality , Tom is exactly like his father .
In civilized Europe , bulls are still tortured
In civilized Europe , bulls are still tortured and killed for fun .
In class she 's our teacher ; after class she 's our friend ,
In class she 's our teacher ; after class she 's our friend , and a good friend too .
In conversations with Ms. Robbins , it is understood that Armstrong~Environmental~Inc. has been retained by past
In conversations with Ms. Robbins , it is understood that Armstrong~Environmental~Inc. has been retained by past or present owners or some combination of these parties .
In countries such as Norway
In countries such as Norway and Finland , they have lots of snow in the winter .
In fact most villagers from those hill-regions ( Garhwalis , Kumounis , Dogras etc. ) are all pretty gentle people , even though they have a long
In fact most villagers from those hill-regions ( Garhwalis , Kumounis , Dogras etc. ) are all pretty gentle people , even though they have a long and distinguished history of military service .
In former days , men sold themselves to the Devil to acquire magical powers . Nowadays they acquire those powers from science ,
In former days , men sold themselves to the Devil to acquire magical powers . Nowadays they acquire those powers from science , and find themselves compelled to become devils .
In front of the university , there are some bookstores .
In front of the university , there are some shops .
In front of the university , there are some stores .
In his essay " Esperanto : European
In his essay " Esperanto : European or Asiatic language " Claude Piron has shown the similarities between Esperanto
In his essay " Esperanto : European or Asiatic language " Claude Piron has shown the similarities between Esperanto and Chinese , thereby putting to rest the notion that Esperanto is purely eurocentric .
In his eyes she eclipses
In his eyes she eclipses and predominates the whole of her sex .
In his first year , he supported the gun lobby 's most prized goal of the decade : a sweeping repeal of federal gun laws that had been enacted after the murders of Sen. Robert~F.~Kennedy
In his first year , he supported the gun lobby 's most prized goal of the decade : a sweeping repeal of federal gun laws that had been enacted after the murders of Sen. Robert~F.~Kennedy and the Rev. Martin~Luther~King in 1968 .
In his pockets there is no pipe , no tobacco ,
In his pockets there is no pipe , no tobacco , and no tabacco metal either .
In his pockets there is no pipe , no tobacco , and no tabacco metallic element either .
In his pockets there is no pipe , no tobacco , and no tabacco tin either .
In his pockets there is no tin either .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Buddhisms except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Christian churches except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Churches of Scientology except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Hebraisms except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Hindooisms except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Hinduisms except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Jewish religions except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Judaisms except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Khalsas except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Scientologys except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Shintoes except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all Taoisms except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all churches except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all cults except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all established churches except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all establishments except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all institutions except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all religions except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all religious orders except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all religious sects except his own .
In his speech , he cast aspersions on all sects except his own .
In honour of the day Liisa
In honour of the day Liisa and Markku cracked a bottle of champagne together .
In its home country , France , Tatoeba became a social
In its home country , France , Tatoeba became a social and cultural phenomenon .
In life there are ups
In life there are ups and downs .
In living through these uncertain times , it is necessary to be flexible
In living through these uncertain times , it is necessary to be flexible and not be a captive to traditional values .
In many countries it is normal for all programmes to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television Superfund programs to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television Superfunds to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television defence policies to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television defence programs to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television defense policies to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television defense programs to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television educational programs to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television programmes to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television rehabilitation programs to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television space programs to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television systems of rules to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television systems to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television tax policies to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television tax programs to have subtitles .
In many countries it is normal for all television works programs to have subtitles .
In many parts of the world it is illegal to shoot wild game such as deer , moose
In many parts of the world it is illegal to shoot wild game such as deer , moose or pheasant .
In marriage there will be no peace if mine "
In marriage there will be no peace if mine " and " yours " rules .
In most cases , people , even the most vicious , are much more naive
In most cases , people , even the most vicious , are much more naive and simple-minded than we assume them to be . And this is true of ourselves too .
In my city , there is no Esperanto .
In my city , there is no school for learning Esperanto .
In my city , there is no school for learning artificial language .
In my region there are beautiful
In my region there are beautiful and living cities you will surely love .
In my room , there are no clocks .
In my room , there are no heron's bills .
In my room , there are no storksbills .
In nature there are neither punishments .
In nature there are neither rewards nor castigations .
In nature there are neither rewards nor chastisements .
In nature there are neither rewards nor corporal punishments .
In nature there are neither rewards nor corrections .
In nature there are neither rewards nor cruel and unusual punishments .
In nature there are neither rewards nor detentions .
In nature there are neither rewards nor disciplines .
In nature there are neither rewards nor economic strangulations .
In nature there are neither rewards nor imprisonments .
In nature there are neither rewards nor medicines .
In nature there are neither rewards nor musics .
In nature there are neither rewards nor penances .
In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments .
In nature there are neither rewards nor self-abasements .
In nature there are neither rewards nor self-mortifications .
In nature there are neither rewards nor self-punishments .
In nature there are neither rewards nor social controls .
In nature there are neither rewards nor sticks .
In no , it has been said , can one experience four seasons in the course of a single day .
In no country other than England , it has been said , can one experience four seasons in the course of a single day .
In olden times , football was popular in both Greece
In olden times , football was popular in both Greece and Rome .
In olden times , football was popular in both Rome .
In order to distract the population from their true intrigues , the politicians devised some half-hearted reforms .
In order to distract the population from their true intrigues , the politicians devised some half-hearted self-improvements .
In order to distract the population from their true intrigues , the politicians devised some half-hearted self-reformations .
In order to distract the population from their true intrigues , the politicians devised some reforms .
In order to sprout , seeds need air
In order to sprout , seeds need air and water .
In politics there are no friends , only bigamists .
In politics there are no friends , only consorts .
In politics there are no friends , only domestic partners .
In politics there are no friends , only helpmates .
In politics there are no friends , only helpmeets .
In politics there are no friends , only honeymooners .
In politics there are no friends , only hubbies .
In politics there are no friends , only husbands .
In politics there are no friends , only married men .
In politics there are no friends , only married women .
In politics there are no friends , only monogamists .
In politics there are no friends , only monogynists .
In politics there are no friends , only newlyweds .
In politics there are no friends , only partners .
In politics there are no friends , only polygamists .
In politics there are no friends , only relations .
In politics there are no friends , only relatives .
In politics there are no friends , only significant others .
In politics there are no friends , only spousal equivalents .
In politics there are no friends , only spouse equivalents .
In politics there are no friends , only wives .
In politics there are no partners .
In retaliation , Belarus slapped a 45-per-tonne transit tax on oil shipments from Russia , but withdrew it earlier on Wednesday after both sides .
In retaliation , Belarus slapped a 45-per-tonne transit tax on oil shipments from Russia , but withdrew it earlier on Wednesday after tense top-level government talks between both sides .
In retaliation , Belarus slapped a 45-per-tonne transit tax on oil shipments from Russia , but withdrew it earlier on Wednesday after tense top-level government talks between both spins .
In some chemical phenomena , judges are elected officials .
In some forms , judges are elected officials .
In some gas , judges are elected officials .
In some gaseous states , judges are elected officials .
In some liquid states , judges are elected officials .
In some liquidities , judges are elected officials .
In some liquidnesses , judges are elected officials .
In some liquids , judges are elected officials .
In some phases , judges are elected officials .
In some plasmas , judges are elected officials .
In some solid states , judges are elected officials .
In some solidnesses , judges are elected officials .
In some solids , judges are elected officials .
In some states , judges are elected officials .
In spite of all of his golds , he is not at~all happy .
In spite of all of his hoarded wealths , he is not at~all happy .
In spite of all of his material resources , he is not at~all happy .
In spite of all of his riches , he is not at~all happy .
In spite of all of his treasures , he is not at~all happy .
In spite of their various differences , Joan
In spite of their various differences , Joan and Ann are friends .
In spring it becomes warmer
In spring it becomes warmer and warmer .
In such countries as Norway
In such countries as Norway and Finland , they have lots of snow in winter .
In tears , she tore up his letter
In tears , she tore up his letter and threw it away .
In the Arctic there are no Adelie penguins .
In the Arctic there are no Adelies .
In the Arctic there are no Aptenodytes forsteris .
In the Arctic there are no Aptenodytes patagonicas .
In the Arctic there are no Pygoscelis adeliaes .
In the Arctic there are no Spheniscus demersuss .
In the Arctic there are no crested penguins .
In the Arctic there are no emperor penguins .
In the Arctic there are no jackass penguins .
In the Arctic there are no king penguins .
In the Arctic there are no penguins .
In the Arctic there are no rock hoppers .
In the Arctic there are no sphenisciform seabirds .
In the Middle Ages Latin temporarily assured linguistic equal opportunity in the fields of religion , culture
In the Middle Ages Latin temporarily assured linguistic equal opportunity in the fields of religion , culture and science .
In the Netherlands , if a child is too insistent on asking for a cookie , he might be punished
In the Netherlands , if a child is too insistent on asking for a cookie , he might be punished and get no cookie .
In the Netherlands , if a child is too insistent on asking for a precision cookie , he might be punished and get no precision cookie .
In the Netherlands , if a child is too insistent on asking for a session cookie , he might be punished and get no session cookie .
In the Netherlands , if a child is too insistent on asking for a text , he might be punished and get no text .
In the Netherlands , if a child is too insistent on asking for a textual matter , he might be punished and get no textual matter .
In the Sailendra dynasty , which arose in the eighth century in central Java , Mahayana Buddhism blossomed ,
In the Sailendra dynasty , which arose in the eighth century in central Java , Mahayana Buddhism blossomed , and Buddhist temples like Borobudur were built .
In the U.S. it is disrespectful to slurp while eating noodles , but in Japan it is considered polite
In the U.S. it is disrespectful to slurp while eating noodles , but in Japan it is considered polite and even flattering .
In the United~States , 20~million new jobs have been created during most sector .
In the United~States , 20~million new jobs have been created during the past two decades , most of them in the service computer memory unit .
In the United~States , 20~million new jobs have been created during the past two decades , most of them in the service sector .
In the United~States , a stabbing at the Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School in Sudbury , Massachusetts has left a 15-year old student dead . The stabbing happened around 7:20~am~EST , before classes had started . A fight broke out in a boys ' bathroom between the 15-year old victim , James Alenson
In the United~States , a stabbing at the Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School in Sudbury , Massachusetts has left a 15-year old student dead . The stabbing happened around 7:20~am~EST , before classes had started . A fight broke out in a boys ' bathroom between the 15-year old victim , James Alenson and 16-year-old suspect John~Odgren , the fight spilled out in the hallway , where the stabbing occurred .
In the beginning God created Heaven
In the beginning God created Heaven and Earth .
In the beginning God created the heaven
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth .
In the beginning God created the heavens
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth .
In the case of Mr A there is no defence .
In the case of Mr A there is no defense .
In the case of Mr A there is no excuse .
In the case of Mr A there is no extenuation .
In the case of Mr A there is no mitigation .
In the case of Mr A there is no vindication .
In the fall , the leaves turn red
In the fall , the leaves turn red and gold .
In the first place , no birth trauma will come to us even if we try .
In the first place , no harm will come to us even if we control .
In the first place , no harm will come to us even if we evaluate .
In the first place , no harm will come to us even if we judge .
In the first place , no harm will come to us even if we pass judgment .
In the first place , no harm will come to us even if we try .
In the first place , no harm will come to us even if we verify .
In the first place , no health problem will come to us even if we try .
In the first place , no ill health will come to us even if we try .
In the first place , no unhealthines will come to us even if we try .
In the garden , there are apple~trees , plums , cherries , raspberries , gooseberries ,
In the garden , there are apple~trees , plums , cherries , raspberries , gooseberries , and currants .
In the garden , you know . I 'd like to put out benches
In the garden , you know . I 'd like to put out benches and increase the customer seating . Like this ...
In the hospital room , the nurse wearing white clothes
In the hospital room , the nurse wearing white clothes and the midwife were preparing for the delivery .
In the last weeks , there has been some storms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong atmospheric phenomena .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong blizzards .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong electric storms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong electrical storms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong firestorms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong hailstorms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong ice storms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong noreasters .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong northeasters .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong rainstorms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong silver storms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong snowstorms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong storms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong thunderstorms .
In the last weeks , there has been some strong windstorms .
In the latest report , it is written that 90 % of all the cocaine smuggled in the world is transported by most that by speedboat .
In the latest report , it is written that 90 % of all the cocaine smuggled in the world is transported by sea ,
In the latest report , it is written that 90 % of all the cocaine smuggled in the world is transported by sea , and most of that by speedboat .
In the latest report , it is written that all cocaine smuggled in the world is transported by sea , and most of that by speedboat .
In the movie she is in a relationship with Alan Grant , whereas in the book she is engaged to a doctor . ( In the film " Jurassic Park III " we learn that the relationship between her
In the movie she is in a relationship with Alan Grant , whereas in the book she is engaged to a doctor . ( In the film " Jurassic Park III " we learn that the relationship between her and Dr. Grant did not work out , although they remain close friends .
In the orchard behind their farm stood apple
In the orchard behind their farm stood apple and pear~trees .
In the sixteenth century Turkish
In the sixteenth century Turkish and Spanish pirates often encountered in Mediterranean~Sea .
In the strict sense of the term , a true democracy has never existed ,
In the strict sense of the term , a true democracy has never existed , and never will exist . It is against natural order that the great number should govern and that the few should be governed .
In the village there are no bandits .
In the village there are no body snatchers .
In the village there are no boosters .
In the village there are no brigands .
In the village there are no burglars .
In the village there are no cattle thiefs .
In the village there are no cracksmen .
In the village there are no criminals .
In the village there are no crooks .
In the village there are no cutpurses .
In the village there are no dacoits .
In the village there are no dakoits .
In the village there are no defalcators .
In the village there are no despoilers .
In the village there are no dips .
In the village there are no embezzlers .
In the village there are no felons .
In the village there are no freebooters .
In the village there are no ghouls .
In the village there are no graverobbers .
In the village there are no holdup men .
In the village there are no larceners .
In the village there are no larcenists .
In the village there are no lifters .
In the village there are no literary pirates .
In the village there are no looters .
In the village there are no malefactors .
In the village there are no outlaws .
In the village there are no peculators .
In the village there are no pickpockets .
In the village there are no pilferers .
In the village there are no pillagers .
In the village there are no pirates .
In the village there are no plagiarisers .
In the village there are no plagiarists .
In the village there are no plagiarizers .
In the village there are no plunderers .
In the village there are no raiders .
In the village there are no robbers .
In the village there are no rustlers .
In the village there are no safebreakers .
In the village there are no safecrackers .
In the village there are no shoplifters .
In the village there are no snatchers .
In the village there are no sneak thiefs .
In the village there are no snitchers .
In the village there are no spoilers .
In the village there are no stickup men .
In the village there are no thieves .
In the wagon were a few tools
In the wagon were a few tools and some extra discharges .
In the wagon were a few tools and some extra firings .
In the wagon were a few tools and some extra firings off .
In the wagon were a few tools and some extra guns .
In the wagon were some guns .
In theory , there is no difference between theory
In theory , there is no difference between theory and practice . But , in practice , there is .
In theory , there is no is .
In this country there are only few examples that ideology
In this country there are only few examples that ideology and religion are helpful in character building for people .
In this restaurant , there are Adana
In this restaurant , there are Adana and Urfa kebabs .
In this time of the year the roadsides are in full bloom . You can find there , for example , a lot of cow parsley , rapeseed ,
In this time of the year the roadsides are in full bloom . You can find there , for example , a lot of cow parsley , rapeseed , and dandelions .
In this world nothing can be said to be certain , except death
In this world nothing can be said to be certain , except death and taxes .
In those days , there were no clock radios .
In those days , there were no crystal sets .
In those days , there were no heterodyne receivers .
In those days , there were no push-button radios .
In those days , there were no radios .
In those days , there were no receivers .
In those days , there were no receiving systems .
In those days , there were no superheterodyne receivers .
In those days , there were no superhets .
In truth , there was only one Christian ,
In truth , there was only one Christian , and he died on the cross .
Initially , the EU consisted of six countries : Belgium , Germany , France , Italy , Luxembourg ,
Initially , the EU consisted of six countries : Belgium , Germany , France , Italy , Luxembourg , and the Netherlands . Denmark , Ireland , and the United~Kingdom joined in 1973 , Greece in 1981 , Spain and Portugal in 1986 , Austria , Finland , and Sweden in 1995 . The largest expansion occurred in 2004 with 10 new countries joining .
Instead of eating vegetables , he puts them in a blender
Instead of eating vegetables , he puts them in a blender and drinks them .
Instead of ink there was some fluid in the bottle .
Instead of ink there was some kind of strange fluid in the bottle .
Instead of ink there was some kind of strange ga in the bottle .
Instead of ink there was some kind of strange liquid in the bottle .
Instead of ink there was some kind of strange matter in the bottle .
Iscor , the South~African iron
Iscor , the South~African iron and steel manufacturer , has announced plans to develop a steel mini-mill at Saldanha~Bay on the country 's west coast in partnership with the state-run industrial development Corporation .
It 'll take Tom some period , but eventually he 'll get over Mary .
It 'll take Tom some period of time , but eventually he 'll get over Mary .
It 'll take Tom some time , but eventually he 'll get over Mary .
It 'll take Tom some time period , but eventually he 'll get over Mary .
It 'll take some time , but eventually he 'll get over Mary .
It 's 18th June today ,
It 's 18th June today , and also Muiriel 's birthday !
It 's Monday
It 's Monday and it 's sunny .
It 's Monday today
It 's Monday today and it will be Tuesday tomorrow .
It 's Tom 's party tonight
It 's Tom 's party tonight and I have n't got anything to wear !
It 's a picture of Mary
It 's a picture of Mary and her long-haired boyfriend .
It 's a risk we 're all prepared to cinematography .
It 's a risk we 're all prepared to filming .
It 's a risk we 're all prepared to motion-picture photography .
It 's a risk we 're all prepared to retake .
It 's a risk we 're all prepared to take .
It 's a risk we 're all take .
It 's been a very worrying week for Mary ,
It 's been a very worrying week for Mary , and she 's relieved to have it behind her .
It 's been bought
It 's been bought and paid for .
It 's been saved
It 's been saved and printed !
It 's better to take your time at this job than to hurry
It 's better to take your time at this job than to hurry and make mistakes .
It 's customary for waiters
It 's customary for waiters and waitresses to introduce themselves using only their first names .
It 's dangerous to assume that all of the sentences in the Tatoeba~Corpus are correct
It 's dangerous to assume that all of the sentences in the Tatoeba~Corpus are correct and suitable for language study .
It 's dangerous to talk on the phone
It 's dangerous to talk on the phone and drive at the same time .
It 's definitely a trickle-down theory . A relatively small number of educated people read poetry ,
It 's definitely a trickle-down theory . A relatively small number of educated people read poetry , and written poetry affects songwriting , and songwriting affects masses of people . Poetry becomes an expression that filters into the world slowly .
It 's dinner time
It 's dinner time and I do n't want to eat .
It 's easy to make
It 's easy to make and it 's cheap .
It 's eleven
It 's eleven and he 's not coming .
It 's enough for a man to understand his own business ,
It 's enough for a man to understand his own business , and not to interfere with other people 's . Mine occupies me constantly . Good afternoon , gentlemen !
It 's getting darker
It 's getting darker and darker .
It 's getting more
It 's getting more and more shadowy , soon it will be twilight .
It 's getting worse
It 's getting worse and worse .
It 's hard to be a woman . One must think like a man , act like a lady , look like a girl ,
It 's hard to be a woman . One must think like a man , act like a lady , look like a girl , and work like a horse .
It 's just between you
It 's just between you and me , but Kazuo 's wife is pregnant .
It 's like some people like ketchup
It 's like some people like ketchup and other people like mustard .
It 's more ridiculous to speak constructed languages than to be gay , bisexual
It 's more ridiculous to speak constructed languages than to be gay , bisexual or transsexual .
It 's nearly noon
It 's nearly noon and he 's still in bed .
It 's no use pretending that you ca n't speak French .
It 's not exactly a hot spot , it 's more of a dive bar .
It 's not like you 're going to get arrested
It 's not like you 're going to get arrested or anything .
It 's not long gone failure , nor heroic deeds to come , but here
It 's not long gone failure , nor heroic deeds to come , but here and now , which you should consider .
It 's now
It 's now or never .
It 's possible Tom
It 's possible Tom and Mary are related .
It 's quite difficult to master French in 2
It 's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years .
It 's raining ,
It 's raining , and we forgot to close the windows .
It 's raining cats
It 's raining cats and dogs .
It 's raining cats and dogs tonight .
It 's really coming down ! There are puddles all over the street ,
It 's really coming down ! There are puddles all over the street , and water is pouring down from the rooftops .
It 's supposed to get colder
It 's supposed to get colder and snow later today .
It 's the law : always buckle your safety belt in cars
It 's the law : always buckle your safety belt in cars and airplanes .
It 's time to resolve this question once
It 's time to resolve this question once and for all .
It 's useless to try
It 's useless to try and resist .
It also holds pitfalls . The trick will be to avoid the pitfalls , seize the opportunities ,
It also holds pitfalls . The trick will be to avoid the pitfalls , seize the opportunities , and get back home by six~o'clock .
It being Sunday , there was no education .
It being Sunday , there was no school .
It being Sunday today , we have no education .
It being Sunday today , we have no school .
It consists in the dissipation of one 's own ignorance concerning one 's self
It consists in the dissipation of one 's own ignorance concerning one 's self and life , and gradual growth of that understanding , which begins a spiritual awakening . The finding of God is coming to one 's self .
It cost about three dollars
It cost about three dollars and change .
It does n't look like Tom
It does n't look like Tom and Mary are going to get married .
It does n't snow the whole time through in Russia
It does n't snow the whole time through in Russia and there are also no bears running in the streets .
It had been a long , hard day for Tom ,
It had been a long , hard day for Tom , and he fell into bed exhausted .
It had rained
It had rained and snowed .
It happened between eight
It happened between eight and ten .
It has been raining on
It has been raining on and off since noon .
It has been raining on and off since this morning .
It has been snowing on
It has been snowing on and off .
It has had no effect on him .
It has had no him .
It is , moreover , very difficult to explain in any other way why there should be so much helium in the accumulation .
It is , moreover , very difficult to explain in any other way why there should be so much helium in the aggregation .
It is , moreover , very difficult to explain in any other way why there should be so much helium in the assemblage .
It is , moreover , very difficult to explain in any other way why there should be so much helium in the collection .
It is , moreover , very difficult to explain in any other way why there should be so much helium in the subpopulation .
It is , moreover , very difficult to explain in any other way why there should be so much helium in the universe .
It is , moreover , very difficult to explain in any universe .
It is absurd to divide people into good
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad . People are either charming
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad . People are either charming or tedious .
It is better to take your time than to hurry
It is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes .
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says " Yes "
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says " Yes " and No " .
It is easier for heaven
It is easier for heaven and earth to disappear than for the least stroke of a pen to drop out of the Law .
It is expected that the tsunami surge will be ten meters
It is expected that the tsunami surge will be ten meters or less .
It is extremely hot
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December .
It is getting darker
It is getting darker and darker .
It is getting warmer
It is getting warmer and warmer .
It is hard to discern between the true
It is hard to discern between the true and the false .
It is impossible to travel faster than the speed of light ,
It is impossible to travel faster than the speed of light , and certainly not desirable , as one 's hat keeps blowing off .
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 audiences in the village .
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 followerss in the village .
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 followings in the village .
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 groupings in the village .
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 groups in the village .
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 laities in the village .
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 people in the village .
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 temporalties in the village .
It is just my recollection that there remained no people in the village .
It is my fear that in an understandable but foolish wish for the European~Union to have its own defence capability , politicians are forging ahead with plans that are at best wishful thoughts ,
It is my fear that in an understandable but foolish wish for the European~Union to have its own defence capability , politicians are forging ahead with plans that are at best wishful thoughts , and at worst dangerous .
It is necessary to take some exercise every day .
It is necessary to take some lesson every day .
It is no . He never listens .
It is no accident that she won the first prize .
It is no break that she won the first prize .
It is no business of yours .
It is no coincidence that she won the first prize .
It is no good luck that she won the first prize .
It is no hap that she won the first prize .
It is no happening that she won the first prize .
It is no happenstance that she won the first prize .
It is no happy chance that she won the first prize .
It is no lottery that she won the first prize .
It is no milk .
It is no natural event that she won the first prize .
It is no now .
It is no occurrence that she won the first prize .
It is no occurrent that she won the first prize .
It is no use blaming him for the accident now .
It is no use blaming him for the accident nowaday .
It is no use blaming him for the accident present .
It is no use crying over spilt coconut cream .
It is no use crying over spilt coconut milk .
It is no use crying over spilt coconut water .
It is no use crying over spilt food product .
It is no use crying over spilt foodstuff .
It is no use crying over spilt formula .
It is no use crying over spilt milk .
It is no use crying over spilt soya milk .
It is no use crying over spilt soybean milk .
It is no use crying over spilt soymilk .
It is no use talking to him . He never listens .
It is no yours .
It is now dinner time ,
It is now dinner time , and flight attendants begin to serve dinner .
It is outstripped only by Denmark , the Netherlands , Belgium , Sweden , Finland
It is outstripped only by Denmark , the Netherlands , Belgium , Sweden , Finland and France , and thus ranks 7th in the 25-member European~Union in terms of broadband Internet penetration .
It is paramount to all others .
It is paramount to all the others .
It is possible to write Braille by hand using a slate
It is possible to write Braille by hand using a slate and a stylus .
It is raining cats
It is raining cats and dogs
It is raining cats and dogs .
It is said that Lycopene , a pigment found in tomatoes , makes your skin beautiful
It is said that Lycopene , a pigment found in tomatoes , makes your skin beautiful and helps you lose weight .
It is said that there is no Mars .
It is said that there is no life on Mars .
It is said that this hot water brings a balance between body
It is said that this hot water brings a balance between body and mind .
It is sweet
It is sweet and noble to die for one 's country .
It is the place where there is no person in question ,
It is the place where there is no person in question , and you should n't say abuse .
It is worth pointing out that language skills are unevenly distributed both over the geographical area of Europe
It is worth pointing out that language skills are unevenly distributed both over the geographical area of Europe and over socio-demographic groups .
It kept raining all day long .
It kept raining all sidereal time long .
It kept raining all time unit long .
It kept raining all unit of time long .
It makes all happy .
It makes all the children happy .
It makes no appreciation at~all .
It makes no area to me who wins .
It makes no balance to me whether he comes or not .
It makes no balance to me whether you are rich or poor .
It makes no balance to me whether you believe it or not .
It makes no balance to me whether you come or not .
It makes no blind spot to me who wins .
It makes no cognitive content to me who wins .
It makes no content to me who wins .
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not .
It makes no difference to me whether you are rich or poor .
It makes no difference to me whether you believe it or not .
It makes no difference to me whether you come or not .
It makes no grasp at~all .
It makes no hold at~all .
It makes no matter to me who wins .
It makes no mental object to me who wins .
It makes no number to me whether he comes or not .
It makes no number to me whether you are rich or poor .
It makes no number to me whether you believe it or not .
It makes no number to me whether you come or not .
It makes no remit to me who wins .
It makes no res adjudicatum to me who wins .
It makes no res judicatum to me who wins .
It makes no sense at~all .
It may seem like a crazy idea , but I think we should go visit Tom
It may seem like a crazy idea , but I think we should go visit Tom and Mary right now .
It rains in some birthplaces .
It rains in some crests .
It rains in some crowns .
It rains in some ends .
It rains in some graves .
It rains in some heightss .
It rains in some hiding places .
It rains in some highs .
It rains in some holes-in-the-wall .
It rains in some holies .
It rains in some holy places .
It rains in some junctions .
It rains in some meccas .
It rains in some nesting places .
It rains in some overlooks .
It rains in some peaks .
It rains in some places .
It rains in some places of birth .
It rains in some points .
It rains in some polling places .
It rains in some polling stations .
It rains in some pools .
It rains in some puddles .
It rains in some rendezvouss .
It rains in some sanctums .
It rains in some scours .
It rains in some service areas .
It rains in some showplaces .
It rains in some solitudes .
It rains in some stops .
It rains in some summits .
It rains in some target areas .
It rains in some targets .
It rains in some tips .
It rains in some tombs .
It rains in some tops .
It rains in some zones .
It seems that Tom has no idea where Mary is .
It seems that Tom has no is .
It seems the navy jets had a major screw-up in navigation
It seems the navy jets had a major screw-up in navigation and they bombed their own troops by mistake .
It took all period for us to paint the garage .
It took all period of time for us to paint the garage .
It took all time period for us to paint the garage .
It took all weekend for us to paint the garage .
It took exactly an distance .
It took exactly an hour .
It took exactly hour .
It took me an hour and a half to get there by car .
It took me an hour ø
It took quite a while to sort out all luggage .
It took quite a while to sort out all our luggage .
It was a beautiful summer ,
It was a beautiful summer , and the sky was always blue .
It was a cold
It was a cold and rainy night , and there was not a soul in sight in the streets .
It was a pleasure to spend the evening with a smart , funny
It was a pleasure to spend the evening with a smart , funny and beautiful girl like you .
It was both energizing
It was both energizing and exhausting .
It was exceptionally cold last summer ,
It was exceptionally cold last summer , and the rice crop was the worst in 10 years .
It was n't Tom 's
It was n't Tom 's or Mary 's first sentence .
It was no coincidence that both Tom
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same GMT .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same Greenwich Mean Time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same Greenwich Time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same UT .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same UT1 .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same attribute .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same biological time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same civil time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same continuance .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same continuum .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same cosmic time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same daylight saving .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same daylight-saving time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same daylight-savings time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same duration .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same eternity .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same future .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same futurity .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same geologic time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same geological time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same hereafter .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same infinity .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same local time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same musical time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same nowaday .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same past .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same past time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same present .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same standard time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same time to come .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same universal time .
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same yesteryear .
It was no time .
It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for her .
It was not that he felt any her .
It was raining on
It was raining on and off all night long .
It was sheer coincidence that Mary
It was sheer coincidence that Mary and I were on the same train .
It was six~o'~clock . It had been a long day . I had been travelling since six~o'clock in the morning
It was six~o'~clock . It had been a long day . I had been travelling since six~o'clock in the morning and I had n't arrived yet .
It was very cold
It was very cold and it snowed for three days in a row .
It will become more
It will become more and more difficult to live in the village .
Italy is the only country that regards war as a soccer game ,
Italy is the only country that regards war as a soccer game , and a soccer game as it is a war .
Its founders Mo~Siegel , John~Hay
Its founders Mo~Siegel , John~Hay and others started gathering herbs and flowers in the mountains around Boulder and selling them to local health-food stores in 1969 .
Jack stopped talking all a sudden when Mary went into the room .
Jack stopped talking all of a sudden when Mary went into the room .
Jack was laughed at by all the Jnrs .
Jack was laughed at by all the Jrs .
Jack was laughed at by all the Juniors .
Jack was laughed at by all the boys .
Jack was laughed at by all the male offsprings .
Jack was laughed at by all the mama's boys .
Jack was laughed at by all the mamma's boys .
Jack was laughed at by all the man-children .
Jack was laughed at by all the mother's boys .
James~Kerr had been the foreman for the Deane,~Adams~and~Deane gun factory . Robert~Adams , one of the partners
James~Kerr had been the foreman for the Deane,~Adams~and~Deane gun factory . Robert~Adams , one of the partners and inventor of the Adams revolver , was Kerr 's cousin .
Japan has caught up with America in some electric fields .
Japan has caught up with America in some fields .
Japan has caught up with America in some fluxes .
Japan has caught up with America in some gravitational fields .
Japan has caught up with America in some magnetic fields .
Japan has caught up with America in some magnetic fluxes .
Japan has caught up with America in some physical phenomena .
Japan has caught up with America in some radiation fields .
Japan has to import most materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw HAZMATs .
Japan has to import most of its raw abradants .
Japan has to import most of its raw abrasive materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw abrasives .
Japan has to import most of its raw adhesive agents .
Japan has to import most of its raw adhesive materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw adhesives .
Japan has to import most of its raw aggregates .
Japan has to import most of its raw ammunitions .
Japan has to import most of its raw animal materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw atoms .
Japan has to import most of its raw ballasts .
Japan has to import most of its raw bedding materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw beddings .
Japan has to import most of its raw bimetals .
Japan has to import most of its raw builders .
Japan has to import most of its raw chemical substances .
Japan has to import most of its raw chemicals .
Japan has to import most of its raw coloring materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw colors .
Japan has to import most of its raw colouring materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw colours .
Japan has to import most of its raw composite materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw conductors .
Japan has to import most of its raw contaminants .
Japan has to import most of its raw contaminations .
Japan has to import most of its raw corpuscles .
Japan has to import most of its raw detergent builders .
Japan has to import most of its raw diamagnets .
Japan has to import most of its raw dielectrics .
Japan has to import most of its raw discharges .
Japan has to import most of its raw dusts .
Japan has to import most of its raw earths .
Japan has to import most of its raw elastomers .
Japan has to import most of its raw emissions .
Japan has to import most of its raw fibres .
Japan has to import most of its raw fillings .
Japan has to import most of its raw fills .
Japan has to import most of its raw floccules .
Japan has to import most of its raw flocs .
Japan has to import most of its raw fluffs .
Japan has to import most of its raw foams .
Japan has to import most of its raw grounds .
Japan has to import most of its raw homogenates .
Japan has to import most of its raw humates .
Japan has to import most of its raw impregnations .
Japan has to import most of its raw litters .
Japan has to import most of its raw materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw minerals .
Japan has to import most of its raw molecules .
Japan has to import most of its raw motes .
Japan has to import most of its raw nonconductors .
Japan has to import most of its raw packing materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw packings .
Japan has to import most of its raw papers .
Japan has to import most of its raw particles .
Japan has to import most of its raw particulate matters .
Japan has to import most of its raw particulates .
Japan has to import most of its raw plant materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw plant substances .
Japan has to import most of its raw precursors .
Japan has to import most of its raw radioactive materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw raw materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw rinds .
Japan has to import most of its raw rocks .
Japan has to import most of its raw sealing materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw sorbates .
Japan has to import most of its raw sorbent materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw sorbents .
Japan has to import most of its raw specks .
Japan has to import most of its raw staples .
Japan has to import most of its raw stones .
Japan has to import most of its raw substances .
Japan has to import most of its raw thickeners .
Japan has to import most of its raw thickenings .
Japan has to import most of its raw toners .
Japan has to import most of its raw translucent substances .
Japan has to import most of its raw transparent substances .
Japan has to import most of its raw undercuts .
Japan has to import most of its raw vernix caseosas .
Japan has to import most of its raw vernixes .
Japan has to import most of its raw waddings .
Japan has to import most of its raw wads .
Japan has to import most of its raw waste materials .
Japan has to import most of its raw waste matters .
Japan has to import most of its raw waste products .
Japan is a country surrounded by all sides .
Japan is a country surrounded by the sea on all sides .
Japan is a country surrounded by the sea on all spins .
Japan is a country that is surrounded on all sides by the ocean .
Japan is a country that is surrounded on all spins by the ocean .
Japan is abundant in water
Japan is abundant in water and people .
Japan is an island country surrounded by all sides .
Japan is an island country surrounded by the sea on all sides .
Japan is an island country surrounded by the sea on all spins .
Japan is bounded by water on every side .
Japan is bounded by water on every spin .
Japan is full of beautiful cities . Kyoto
Japan is full of beautiful cities . Kyoto and Nara , for instance .
Japan is hot
Japan is hot and humid in the summer .
Japan is hot and sticky in summer .
Japanese drug makers are now trying to build comprehensive independent operations in research
Japanese drug makers are now trying to build comprehensive independent operations in research and development , production and marketing .
Jason is no bad guy , but rather a pitiable gambler .
Jason is no bad guy , but rather a pitiable loser .
Jason is no loser .
Jbaseck stopped tbaselking basell of base sudden when Mbasery went into the room .
Jessica took all herself .
Jessica took all the blame on herself .
Jessie shook Joseph 's hand
Jessie shook Joseph 's hand and greeted him with affection .
Jessie spoke bad French
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German .
Jim 's angry because his date for the movie stood him up
Jim 's angry because his date for the movie stood him up and he wasted an hour waiting for her in the rain .
Jim awoke
Jim awoke and found himself alone in the room .
Jim looked left
Jim looked left and right before he crossed the road .
Jim~Lankes was given bottles of waters , ice
Jim~Lankes was given bottles of waters , ice and rice .
Jnucleotideck stopped tnucleotidelking nucleotidell of nucleotide sudden when Mnucleotidery went into the room .
John Locke , the well-known philosopher of freedom , was a shareholder of the Royal~African Company , which bought
John Locke , the well-known philosopher of freedom , was a shareholder of the Royal~African Company , which bought and sold slaves .
John caught a tiger
John caught a tiger and shot two lions .
John comes from Florida
John comes from Florida and his wife from California .
John has no Boswells here .
John has no Confederates here .
John has no Francophiles here .
John has no Francophils here .
John has no Graecophiles here .
John has no Jacobites here .
John has no New Dealers here .
John has no Roundheads here .
John has no Shavians here .
John has no Whigs here .
John has no advocates here .
John has no advocators here .
John has no anglophiles here .
John has no anglophils here .
John has no believers here .
John has no cheerleaders here .
John has no corporatists here .
John has no endorsers here .
John has no enthusiasts here .
John has no exponents here .
John has no free traders here .
John has no friends here .
John has no functionalists here .
John has no indorsers here .
John has no loyalists here .
John has no mainstays here .
John has no maintainers here .
John has no partisans here .
John has no partizans here .
John has no philhellenes here .
John has no philhellenists here .
John has no pillars here .
John has no proponents here .
John has no ratifiers here .
John has no seconders here .
John has no stalwarts here .
John has no subscribers here .
John has no sustainers here .
John has no sympathisers here .
John has no sympathizers here .
John has no toasters here .
John has no trusters here .
John has no upholders here .
John has no verifiers here .
John has no vouchers here .
John has no wassailers here .
John has no well-wishers here .
John will make a good husband
John will make a good husband and father .
Judging by that great tan , it looks like you spent most of your abrogation on the beach .
Judging by that great tan , it looks like you spent most of your annulment on the beach .
Judging by that great tan , it looks like you spent most of your repeal on the beach .
Judging by that great tan , it looks like you spent most of your vacation on the beach .
Just say " Bonjour ! "
Just say " Bonjour ! " and they 'll think that you 're French !
Just shut up
Just shut up and get on with your work !
Just shut up and listen .
Jyestadeva ( 1500-1610 ) , was an astronomer of the Kerala school founded by Madhava of Sangamagrama
Jyestadeva ( 1500-1610 ) , was an astronomer of the Kerala school founded by Madhava of Sangamagrama and a student of Damodara . He is most known for writing the first calculus text , the Yuktibhasa . He also authored the Drk-karana on astronomical observations .
KOOG was Utah 's first Pax affiliate ,
KOOG was Utah 's first Pax affiliate , and changed its call letters to KUPX in February 1998 .
Kamui~no~Ken was a sort of samurai / ninja story set during the transition of the fall of the Tokugawa~Shogunate
Kamui~no~Ken was a sort of samurai / ninja story set during the transition of the fall of the Tokugawa~Shogunate and the re-establishment of Japan under the Emperor Meiji in 1868 .
Kazumura Cave is the longest ,
Kazumura Cave is the longest , and the deepest lava tube in the world . Located on the southeastern slopes of Mauna Loa , the southern summit is on Big~Island , Hawai 'i .
Keep in mind that language is your friend
Keep in mind that language is your friend and not your enemy .
Keiko buried her head in the pillow
Keiko buried her head in the pillow and cried .
Keiko deftly piles up the cutlery
Keiko deftly piles up the cutlery and takes them to the sink .
Keiko deftly piles up the dishes
Keiko deftly piles up the dishes and takes them to the sink .
Kepa was married for many years to Ro~Teimumu~Kepa , an Adi ( Fijian chief )
Kepa was married for many years to Ro~Teimumu~Kepa , an Adi ( Fijian chief ) and politician in her own right . They had four children : Filipe , Sailosi,~Jr. , Asenaca , and Tupoutu'a .
Kevin has bought a diamond ring
Kevin has bought a diamond ring and is going to pop the question to Kim tonight .
Klassen will also be racing in the 2010 winter Olympic games in Vancouver , British~Columbia
Klassen will also be racing in the 2010 winter Olympic games in Vancouver , British~Columbia and in nearby Whistler , British~Columbia , a popular snow skiing destination .
Klava is abroad
Klava is abroad and sends her regards to you .
Knowing that every climax , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every culmination , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every eleventh hmy , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every last minute , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every minute , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every moment of truth , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every pinpoint , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every point , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every point in time , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every psychological moment , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Knowing that every time , maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry .
Koko knows
Koko knows and uses more than 500 words in sign language , the language of deaf people .
Korean mental hospitals have been compared to concentration camps . Patients are said to be treated like animals who are subjected to violence
Korean mental hospitals have been compared to concentration camps . Patients are said to be treated like animals who are subjected to violence and maltreatment rather than therapy .
Koyomi bought a bow
Koyomi bought a bow and arrows .
Kyoto gets lots of visitors from all over the concern .
Kyoto gets lots of visitors from all over the world .
Kyoto gets lots of visitors from all world .
Kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the concern each year .
Kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year .
Kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all world each year .
Kyoto is famous for its shrines
Kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples .
Lack of food had left him weak
Lack of food had left him weak and exhausted .
Land prices still show no evening out .
Land prices still show no sign of evening out .
Land prices still show no sign of period of time out .
Land prices still show no sign of period out .
Land prices still show no sign of time period out .
Landowska was responsible for the composition of several other new pieces of music for the instrument , notably Manuel~de~Falla 's harpsichord concerto
Landowska was responsible for the composition of several other new pieces of music for the instrument , notably Manuel~de~Falla 's harpsichord concerto and his El~retablo~de~Maese~Pedro ( at the premiere of which , at the salon of Winnaretta~Singer , Poulenc and Landowska met for the first time ) .
Last Sunday , Mary
Last Sunday , Mary and I went to the library together .
Last month , South~Dakota moved to ban all abortion in the state , even in cases of rape
Last month , South~Dakota moved to ban all abortion in the state , even in cases of rape and incest . Mississippi is considering similar legislation .
Last month , South~Dakota moved to ban all failure in the state , even in cases of rape and incest . Mississippi is considering similar legislation .
Last month , the 1,700-pound craft was renamed NEAR Shoemaker in honor of the late Dr. Eugene M. Shoemaker , a pioneer in the study of asteroid
Last month , the 1,700-pound craft was renamed NEAR Shoemaker in honor of the late Dr. Eugene M. Shoemaker , a pioneer in the study of asteroid and comet impacts on the planets .
Last night there was a fire
Last night there was a fire and I could n't sleep .
Last night there was a fire near here ,
Last night there was a fire near here , and I could n't sleep .
Last year Jandl was named one of the 10 most important German-language poets of the 20th century by a jury of more than 50 writers , scholars
Last year Jandl was named one of the 10 most important German-language poets of the 20th century by a jury of more than 50 writers , scholars and critics established by the German-language journal Das Gedicht ( The Poem ) .
Laughter is a human instinct ,
Laughter is a human instinct , and when it comes to instinct , cultural barriers do n't exist .
Laws are like cobwebs , which may catch small flies , but let wasps
Laws are like cobwebs , which may catch small flies , but let wasps and hornets break through .
Leakey believed Kenya 's rich wildlife , which underpins a tourist industry worth Dollars 450m ( Pounds 308m ) a year , could be managed in a profitable
Leakey believed Kenya 's rich wildlife , which underpins a tourist industry worth Dollars 450m ( Pounds 308m ) a year , could be managed in a profitable and sustainable manner .
Leave home early in the morning ,
Leave home early in the morning , and you will get to your destination before dark .
Leave my house
Leave my house and never return .
Leave now ,
Leave now , or you 'll miss the train .
Leave us alone
Leave us alone and we 'll leave you alone .
Let 's build the country with actions
Let 's build the country with actions and words .
Let 's bury the hatchet
Let 's bury the hatchet and be friends again !
Let 's go
Let 's go and find Tom .
Let 's go and find her .
Let 's go and see Tom .
Let 's go out
Let 's go out and eat dinner together from time to time .
Let 's keep going
Let 's keep going and see the next town .
Let 's shake hands
Let 's shake hands and be friends .
Let 's sing
Let 's sing and dance .
Let 's sit down
Let 's sit down and have a beer .
Let 's sit down and talk .
Let 's speak Vabungula
Let 's speak Vabungula and Yuelami !
Let 's split up
Let 's split up and look for Tom .
Let 's take a short rest here . My legs are tired
Let 's take a short rest here . My legs are tired and I ca n't walk any more .
Let 's turn
Let 's turn and go back now .
Let me think it over ,
Let me think it over , and I 'll let you know later .
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier .
Let the fathers be fathers
Let the fathers be fathers and the sons sons .
Levomepromazine has off-label uses as an antiemetic for cancer patients
Levomepromazine has off-label uses as an antiemetic for cancer patients and for the treatment of cases of treatment-resistant insomnia .
Libya 's case against Britain
Libya 's case against Britain and the US concerns the dispute over their demand for extradition of Libyans charged with blowing up a Pan Am jet over Lockerbie in 1988 .
Libya requested an injunction against Britain
Libya requested an injunction against Britain and the U.S.
Life without love has no at~all .
Life without love has no meaning at~all .
Light~blue is the color of the sky
Light~blue is the color of the sky and , consequently , is also the color of the sea , lakes , and rivers .
Liisa calls Markku up every now
Liisa calls Markku up every now and point .
Liisa calls Markku up every now and point in time .
Liisa calls Markku up every now and then .
Liisa calls Markku up every then .
Lillehammer~Ishockeylubb has played a few games there , but the two most important hockey tournaments played in the arena is the 1994~Olympics ( famed for Peter~Forsberg 's goal in the deciding penalty shootout of the final game )
Lillehammer~Ishockeylubb has played a few games there , but the two most important hockey tournaments played in the arena is the 1994~Olympics ( famed for Peter~Forsberg 's goal in the deciding penalty shootout of the final game ) and the 1999~World~Ice~Hockey~Championships .
Lincoln ordered that all country should be set free .
Lincoln ordered that all the slaves in the country should be set free .
Listen to the album again
Listen to the album again and tell me later if you like it .
Listening to Mahler , Lyusya would always think of death
Listening to Mahler , Lyusya would always think of death and life eternal .
Little by little the sky cleared . The sun came out in full splendor
Little by little the sky cleared . The sun came out in full splendor and the sea became as calm as a lake .
Long , long ago , there lived an old man
Long , long ago , there lived an old man and his wife .
Look , Tom
Look , Tom and Mary are holding hands ! They 're so cute !
Look alive
Look alive or you 'll miss your date !
Love grew between Taro
Love grew between Taro and Hanako .
Love has no color !
Love has no dye !
Love has no dyestuff !
Love has no hematochrome !
Love has no indicator !
Love has no material !
Love has no mordant !
Love has no paint !
Love has no pigment !
Love has no stain !
Love has no stuff !
Love has no tincture !
Love is a comedy in France , a tragedy in England , an opera in Italy ,
Love is a comedy in France , a tragedy in England , an opera in Italy , and a melodrama in Germany .
Love is a temporary insanity curable by marriage
Love is a temporary insanity curable by marriage or by removal of the patient from the influences under which he incurred the disorder .
Lungs , heart , veins , arteries
Lungs , heart , veins , arteries and capillaries form the cardiovascular system .
Madness has no limits !
Madness has no more endings !
Madness has no more ends !
Madness has no more limits !
Madonna is known to every Japan .
Madonna is known to every high~school student in Japan .
Madrid is the capital of Spain
Madrid is the capital of Spain and its most important city .
Major national
Major national and regional newspapers like Aftenposten , VG , DN , Dagbladet , Adresseavisen , Bergens Tidende , and Nordlys will not be published from Thursday on .
Make a few good friends
Make a few good friends and stick to them .
Maler ended his physically demanding expeditions in the jungles in 1905
Maler ended his physically demanding expeditions in the jungles in 1905 and retired to his home in Mérida , Yucatán .
Man is a vertebrate
Man is a vertebrate and has an immortal soul as~well~as a fatherland , so that he does n't get too cocky .
Many American high-school students do not know that the Civil~War took place between 1861
Many American high-school students do not know that the Civil~War took place between 1861 and 1865 .
Many Native American communities need doctors
Many Native American communities need doctors and teachers .
Many feminists regard beauty contests for women as degrading both to the viewer
Many feminists regard beauty contests for women as degrading both to the viewer and to the contestant . A common comparison made by feminists is that beauty contests are like a " cattle market " for women that enforces society 's objectification of women .
Many had lost their arms
Many had lost their arms or legs .
Many in Hamburg speak Missingsch , a mix of Low Saxon
Many in Hamburg speak Missingsch , a mix of Low Saxon and German .
Many of the Vikings who travelled to Scotland ,
Many of the Vikings who travelled to Scotland , and other parts of Europe were traders
Many of the Vikings who travelled to Scotland , and other parts of Europe were traders or peaceful settlers looking for land to farm .
Many of the text formulations arouse suspicion that the author failed to mention a reliance on some English publication .
Many of the text formulations arouse suspicion that the author failed to mention a reliance on some English source .
Many of the text formulations arouse suspicion that the author failed to mention some source .
Many people , especially ignorant people want to punish you for speaking the truth , for being correct , for being you . Never appologize for being correct
Many people , especially ignorant people want to punish you for speaking the truth , for being correct , for being you . Never appologize for being correct or for being years ahead of your time . If you ’re right
Many people , especially ignorant people want to punish you for speaking the truth , for being correct , for being you . Never appologize for being correct or for being years ahead of your time . If you ’re right and you know it , speak your mind . Even if you are a minority of one , the truth is still the truth .
Many versions saw extensive action in Spain , China , Mongolia , Finland
Many versions saw extensive action in Spain , China , Mongolia , Finland and in the beginning of the War against Germany in the year 1941 . It was also used in various duties in civil variants , as trainers and in many secondary roles .
March 1 marked eleven years since the death of TV broadcaster Vladislav~Listyev who was shot
March 1 marked eleven years since the death of TV broadcaster Vladislav~Listyev who was shot and killed just one month after his appointment General Director of the ORT channel . His murder remains undisclosed , although the search for his killers continues .
Maria blew a kiss to Tom
Maria blew a kiss to Tom and hid quiveringly under the sofa .
Maria has n't eaten
Maria has n't eaten or drank the whole day .
Maria is sitting at her desk
Maria is sitting at her desk and translating a novel . She 's surrounded by heaps of big dictionaries . Maria needs all of them as she is translating with an almost fanatic precision .
Marie , Mary
Marie , Mary and Maria are friends .
Mark took his stuff
Mark took his stuff and left .
Mark took his things
Mark took his things and left .
Mary asked Tom to open the wine bottle
Mary asked Tom to open the wine bottle and then kissed him while he was busy .
Mary bought a skirt
Mary bought a skirt and a blouse .
Mary ca n't swim ,
Mary ca n't swim , and John ca n't , either .
Mary fluctuates between having an exaggerated sense of her own importance
Mary fluctuates between having an exaggerated sense of her own importance and an inferiority complex .
Mary grabbed her purse
Mary grabbed her purse and left .
Mary had a few friends over for lunch
Mary had a few friends over for lunch and they spent most of the period griping about their husbands .
Mary had a few friends over for lunch and they spent most of the period of time griping about their husbands .
Mary had a few friends over for lunch and they spent most of the time griping about their husbands .
Mary had a few friends over for lunch and they spent most of the time period griping about their husbands .
Mary had a few friends over for lunch and they spent most time griping about their husbands .
Mary had no her .
Mary had no reason to suspect that Tom was two-timing her .
Mary has no pride .
Mary has no pridefulnes .
Mary has no self-esteem .
Mary is a very beautiful
Mary is a very beautiful and interesting woman .
Mary is an expert in anatomy
Mary is an expert in anatomy and knows every bone in the human body .
Mary is an expert in anatomy and knows every white in the human body .
Mary is an expert in anatomy and knows every whitenes in the human body .
Mary is obsessed with animals ,
Mary is obsessed with animals , and especially squirrels .
Mary is prettier
Mary is prettier and has better grades than Kate .
Mary is very spiteful
Mary is very spiteful and gives Tom the cold shoulder for days after the slightest disagreement between them .
Mary knows nothing of sewing
Mary knows nothing of sewing or knitting .
Mary laughed
Mary laughed and threw a pillow at me .
Mary likes both Tom
Mary likes both Tom and John .
Mary looked through the text messages on Tom 's mobile phone
Mary looked through the text messages on Tom 's mobile phone and it became clear to her that he was having an affair .
Mary loves to dance
Mary loves to dance and sing .
Mary made a cute snowman out of styrofoam balls
Mary made a cute snowman out of styrofoam balls and an old sock .
Mary once again tried on all .
Mary once again tried on all the clothes she had bought the day before .
Mary pulled out a pistol
Mary pulled out a pistol and shot Tom .
Mary renounced her moral values
Mary renounced her moral values and became a nihilist .
Mary returned home from Japan with many new
Mary returned home from Japan with many new and progressive ideas .
Mary said that she wanted a squirrel for Christmas
Mary said that she wanted a squirrel for Christmas and she was disappointed when she only got a stuffed squirrel .
Mary sat down
Mary sat down and opened her shoulder bag .
Mary shut herself up in the room
Mary shut herself up in the room , with all the car windows closed .
Mary shut herself up in the room , with all the openings closed .
Mary shut herself up in the room , with all the windows closed .
Mary shut herself up in the room , with all windows closed .
Mary shut herself up in the room and closed all the openings .
Mary shut herself up in the room and closed all the ticket windows .
Mary shut herself up in the room and closed all the windows .
Mary shut herself up in the room and closed all windows .
Mary smiled at Tom
Mary smiled at Tom and he smiled back .
Mary spotted Tom
Mary spotted Tom and Conchita flirting together .
Mary thinks that learning foreign languages is tedious
Mary thinks that learning foreign languages is tedious and boring .
Mary took Tom for every cent he had .
Mary took Tom for every had .
Mary took a picture of herself on her phone
Mary took a picture of herself on her phone and sent it to Tom .
Mary took her key out of her purse
Mary took her key out of her purse and unlocked the door .
Mary traveled back in time to Paris
Mary traveled back in time to Paris and became the mistress of Napoleon III .
Mary wrote her number on a piece of paper
Mary wrote her number on a piece of paper and handed it to Tom .
María , Marcelina
María , Marcelina and father José want to go to town .
Masako finished high~school in Japan
Masako finished high~school in Japan and then graduated from Harvard .
Mathematics would certainly not have come into existence if one had known from the beginning that there was in nature no exactly straight line , no actual circle , no absolute magnitude .
Mathematics would certainly not have come into existence if one had known from the beginning that there was in nature no line , no actual circle , no absolute magnitude .
Matters are getting worse
Matters are getting worse and worse .
Maybe I 'll go ,
Maybe I 'll go , and maybe I wo n't .
Maybe I 'll just give up soon
Maybe I 'll just give up soon and take a nap instead .
Maybe I just need some alone .
Maybe I just need some time alone .
Maybe he is Italian
Maybe he is Italian or Spanish .
Maybe in a different universe , our basic five senses are useless
Maybe in a different universe , our basic five senses are useless and we would require different senses altogether .
Maybe in a different universe , the emotional
Maybe in a different universe , the emotional and psychic environment is even different from ours .
Maybe you should apologize for all did .
Maybe you should apologize for all of the stupid things you did .
Maybe you should turn off the television
Maybe you should turn off the television and do something else .
Mayuko ate up all cookies .
Mayuko ate up all the cookies .
Mayuko was reading
Mayuko was reading and Meg was painting .
Mayumi gathered her small change
Mayumi gathered her small change and bought a beach ball .
Meanwhile the PIRATE Party offers space on an internet server of theirs to all CDU groupings in Kassel that are affected by censorship by means of the party features .
Meanwhile the PIRATE Party offers space on an internet server of theirs to all CDU groupings in Kassel that are affected by censorship by means of the party leaders .
Meanwhile the PIRATE Party offers space on an internet server of theirs to all leaders .
Meditation helps downshifting more easily after work
Meditation helps downshifting more easily after work and sleeping better at night .
Men know a problem to any denouement .
Men know a problem to any solution .
Men know a problem to any statement .
Men know any solution .
Men must not dress in black
Men must not dress in black and white clothes because it is said that this brings bad luck .
Men of the rank of captain
Men of the rank of captain and below live in this building .
Men usually wear black suits
Men usually wear black suits and black ties to funerals .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other Jovian planet .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other Lucifer .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other Phosphoru .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other celestial body .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other daystar .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other gas giant .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other heavenly body .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other inferior planet .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other morning star .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other outer planet .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other planet .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other superior planet .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any other terrestrial planet .
Mercury is only about one-third the size of the Earth . It is smaller than any planet .
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas and a Happy New~Year !
Mexico is the third largest country in North~America , after Canada
Mexico is the third largest country in North~America , after Canada and the United~States .
Michael Phelps is now all time .
Michael Phelps is now the most decorated Olympian of all time .
Mike Jittlov , a master of special effects who 's strutted his stuff in several short films , is both the director
Mike Jittlov , a master of special effects who 's strutted his stuff in several short films , is both the director and star of " The Wizard of Speed and Time " .
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to any scale .
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to tune the instrument to any diatonic chromatic scale .
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to tune the instrument to any diatonic diatonic scale .
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to tune the instrument to any diatonic gamut .
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to tune the instrument to any diatonic gapped scale .
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to tune the instrument to any diatonic musical notation .
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to tune the instrument to any diatonic scale .
Modern healthy eating experts put emphasis on eating wholemeal bread
Modern healthy eating experts put emphasis on eating wholemeal bread and eating more vegetables .
Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , Saturday
Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , Saturday , Sunday
Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , Saturday , Sunday and holiday are the days of the week .
Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week .
Monday is the first day , Tuesday is the second day ,
Monday is the first day , Tuesday is the second day , and so on .
Money opens each acces .
Money opens each accession .
Money opens each admission .
Money opens each admittance .
Money opens each door .
Money opens each entree .
Money opens each open door .
More than 75 % of farms raised pigs
More than 75 % of farms raised pigs and milk cows .
Mormons hate coffee
Mormons hate coffee and tea .
Most constellations do n't really resemble the creatures
Most constellations do n't really resemble the creatures or characters they are named after .
Most of our employees are young .
Most of the Amazon jungle is still wild .
Most of the farmers had large families .
Most of the leaves have fallen .
Most of the mines are in arid areas
Most of the mines are in arid areas and animals searching for water are attracted to the cyanide-laced holding ponds that are an integral part of the mining operations .
Most of the others also lit their pipes
Most of the others also lit their pipes and a desultory conversation ensued .
Most of the suspects have been arrested .
Most of the time , he does n't get to sleep before two
Most of the time , he does n't get to sleep before two or even three~o'clock in the morning .
Most people are familiar with the idea of St.~Bernards
Most people are familiar with the idea of St.~Bernards or other dogs taking part in rescue
Most people are familiar with the idea of St.~Bernards or other dogs taking part in rescue and recovery efforts . Robots might also take part in search and rescue da'wahs .
Most people are familiar with the idea of St.~Bernards or other dogs taking part in rescue and recovery efforts . Robots might also take part in search and rescue dawahs .
Most people are familiar with the idea of St.~Bernards or other dogs taking part in rescue and recovery efforts . Robots might also take part in search and rescue missions .
Most people are familiar with the idea of St.~Bernards or other dogs taking part in rescue and recovery efforts . Robots might also take part in search and rescue works .
Most people are familiar with the idea of St.~Bernards or other dogs taking part in rescue and recovery efforts . Robots might also take part most missions .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no action but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no ballot but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no balloting but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no casting but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no choice but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no coloration but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no colouration but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no conclusion but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no decision but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no determination but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no election but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no sampling but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no volition but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no vote but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no voting but to make the decision that it did .
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no willing but to make the decision that it did .
Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India
Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India and around the world .
Mother Teresa was a Catholic nun who lived
Mother Teresa was a Catholic nun who lived and worked in Calcutta , India .
Mountain fires are thought of causing little harm with the only damage being the burning of trees
Mountain fires are thought of causing little harm with the only damage being the burning of trees and shrubs , but actually there 's a hell of a ' hidden character ' .
Mount~Etna has erupted , sending lava
Mount~Etna has erupted , sending lava and ash plumes into the Sicilian sky .
Mr Briggs is not any doctor , he is an excellent surgeon .
Mr Briggs is not any surgeon .
Mr Carstens left his job as IMF 's deputy managing director last month to work with Mr Calderon ,
Mr Carstens left his job as IMF 's deputy managing director last month to work with Mr Calderon , and will now lead efforts to push through market reforms and create more jobs .
Mr David~Herman , head of GM 's local operations accused Mr Gerhardt Schroeder , prime Minister of Lower Saxony
Mr David~Herman , head of GM 's local operations accused Mr Gerhardt Schroeder , prime Minister of Lower Saxony and a member of the VW supervisory board , of trying to use his political weight to influence the investigations by state prosecutors in Hesse into claims of industrial espionage against GM.
Mr Ferdinand Piech said that the German company did not have any confidential plans
Mr Ferdinand Piech said that the German company did not have any confidential plans or documents about GM 's ultra-low-cost factory project .
Mr Fradkov
Mr Fradkov and Sergei Sidorsky found an agreement after 10 hours of negotiations .
Mr Guido di Tella , Argentine foreign minister , met representatives of British companies
Mr Guido di Tella , Argentine foreign minister , met representatives of British companies and financial institutions .
Mr Hobson shut the shop
Mr Hobson shut the shop and went home .
Mr Long
Mr Long and Mr Smith spoke to each~other .
Mr Lopez Obrador was " sworn in " by Senator Rosario Ibarra , a human rights activist
Mr Lopez Obrador was " sworn in " by Senator Rosario Ibarra , a human rights activist and member of his party , who placed a red , green and white presidential sash across his shoulders .
Mr Potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every day .
Mr Potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every sidereal time .
Mr Potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every time unit .
Mr Potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every unit of time .
Mr Smith
Mr Smith and I have been acquainted with each~other for a long time .
Mr Yamaha gave some English walnuts to a beggar .
Mr Yamaha gave some black walnuts to a beggar .
Mr Yamaha gave some edible nuts to a beggar .
Mr Yamaha gave some walnuts to a beggar .
Mr. Long
Mr. Long and Mr. Smith spoke to each~other .
Mr. Smith
Mr. Smith and I have been acquainted with each~other for a long time .
Mr. Smith is liked by all students .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the Etonians .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the Ivy Leaguers .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the Wykehamists .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the art students .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the auditors .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the catechumens .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the college boys .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the college men .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the collegians .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the crammers .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the enrollees .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the law students .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the majors .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the medical students .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the medicos .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the neophytes .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the nonachievers .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the nonreaders .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the overachievers .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the passers .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the scholars .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the seminarians .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the seminarists .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the sixth-formers .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the skippers .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the students .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the underachievers .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the underperformers .
Mr. Smith is liked by all the withdrawers .
Mr. White
Mr. White and I are n't friends . We 're just acquaintances .
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan .
Mumbai is the most populous city in India
Mumbai is the most populous city in India and the second most populous city in the world .
Music is troublesome . It seems that no sooner have you created it , than it in some strange category fades its original spark that was glorified by your mind .
Music is troublesome . It seems that no sooner have you created it , than it in some strange way fades its original spark that was glorified by your mind .
Music is troublesome . It seems that no sooner have you created it , than it in some way fades its original spark that was glorified by your mind .
Muskrats are responsible for the destruction of dams
Muskrats are responsible for the destruction of dams and dikes .
My Internet connection is slow
My Internet connection is slow and expensive .
My being male
My being male and white also removed huge obstacles that a majority of Americans then faced .
My breathing got faster
My breathing got faster and I became tense .
My brother and sister get up about seven-thirty every morning .
My brother and sister get up every morning .
My car broke down this morning
My car broke down this morning and wo n't be repaired until Friday .
My car is broken
My car is broken and it 's in the shop now .
My classmates are pathetic . They have studied for four years
My classmates are pathetic . They have studied for four years and yet they ca n't conjugate verbs ! The only student who can speak well is not in the class anymore .
My computer crashed
My computer crashed and now it wo n't boot up .
My computer crashed and now it wo n't start up .
My disagreement with Tom is no confidence .
My disagreement with Tom is no info .
My disagreement with Tom is no information .
My disagreement with Tom is no open secret .
My disagreement with Tom is no secret .
My disagreement with Tom is no trade secret .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some apothecaries' unit .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some apothecaries' weight .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some arroba .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some cattie .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some catty .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some crith .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some frail .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some last .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some maund .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some obolu .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some oka .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some picul .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some pood .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some rotl .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some tael .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some tod .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some troy unit .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some unit .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some unit of measurement .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some weight .
My doctor told me that I needed to lose some welterweight .
My dog barks all the GMT .
My dog barks all the Greenwich Mean Time .
My dog barks all the Greenwich Time .
My dog barks all the UT .
My dog barks all the UT1 .
My dog barks all the attribute .
My dog barks all the biological time .
My dog barks all the civil time .
My dog barks all the continuance .
My dog barks all the continuum .
My dog barks all the cosmic time .
My dog barks all the daylight saving .
My dog barks all the daylight-saving time .
My dog barks all the daylight-savings time .
My dog barks all the duration .
My dog barks all the eternity .
My dog barks all the future .
My dog barks all the futurity .
My dog barks all the geologic time .
My dog barks all the geological time .
My dog barks all the hereafter .
My dog barks all the infinity .
My dog barks all the local time .
My dog barks all the musical time .
My dog barks all the nowaday .
My dog barks all the past .
My dog barks all the past time .
My dog barks all the present .
My dog barks all the standard time .
My dog barks all the time .
My dog barks all the time to come .
My dog barks all the universal time .
My dog barks all the yesteryear .
My dog barks all time .
My efforts produced no aftermaths .
My efforts produced no conclusions .
My efforts produced no consequences .
My efforts produced no deals .
My efforts produced no decisions .
My efforts produced no denouements .
My efforts produced no endings .
My efforts produced no finishes .
My efforts produced no just desertss .
My efforts produced no poetic justices .
My efforts produced no results .
My efforts produced no separations .
My efforts produced no sequels .
My efforts produced no subsequences .
My efforts produced no worsts .
My family is my sister , father
My family is my sister , father and mother .
My father achieved that
My father achieved that and more in four words , which made quoting Shakespeare as effective as any business adviser could wish .
My father has already given up smoking
My father has already given up smoking and drinking .
My father has five brothers
My father has five brothers and sisters .
My father is getting better
My father is getting better and better .
My father never came back home before 9
My father never came back home before 9 or 10 .
My father was a contestant in a cooking contest
My father was a contestant in a cooking contest and won first prize .
My father was no affectionate and tender to me than my mother was .
My father was no less affectionate
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was .
My father was son of Argentines
My father was son of Argentines and my mother was daughter of Brazilians .
My father worked hard night
My father worked hard night and day .
My five year old daughter always goes to kindergarten happy
My five year old daughter always goes to kindergarten happy and full of energy .
My friend asked me if I was feeling all parcel .
My friend asked me if I was feeling all parcel of land .
My friend asked me if I was feeling all piece of ground .
My friend asked me if I was feeling all piece of land .
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right .
My friend asked me if I was feeling all tract .
My grandfather founded
My grandfather founded and my parents developed this company .
My grandfather nodded
My grandfather nodded and smiled at me .
My grandfather was quite a learned man for his time
My grandfather was quite a learned man for his time and place but he just was n't cut out to be a businessman .
My grandfather would often read
My grandfather would often read and study at this desk .
My grandmother walks faster than me ,
My grandmother walks faster than me , and plays tennis better than I do .
My grandpa blew out all 97 candles on his birthday cake .
My grandpa blew out all cake .
My heart is green
My heart is green and yellow .
My job is easy
My job is easy and I have a lot of free time .
My laser printer can only handle black
My laser printer can only handle black and white .
My little~brother asked for some appropriation .
My little~brother asked for some boodle .
My little~brother asked for some bread .
My little~brother asked for some cabbage .
My little~brother asked for some clam .
My little~brother asked for some dinero .
My little~brother asked for some dough .
My little~brother asked for some fund .
My little~brother asked for some gelt .
My little~brother asked for some kale .
My little~brother asked for some lettuce .
My little~brother asked for some lolly .
My little~brother asked for some loot .
My little~brother asked for some lucre .
My little~brother asked for some medium of exchange .
My little~brother asked for some monetary fund .
My little~brother asked for some monetary system .
My little~brother asked for some money .
My little~brother asked for some moolah .
My little~brother asked for some pelf .
My little~brother asked for some scratch .
My little~brother asked for some shekel .
My little~brother asked for some shinplaster .
My little~brother asked for some simoleon .
My little~brother asked for some subsidisation .
My little~brother asked for some subsidization .
My little~brother asked for some sugar .
My little~brother asked for some token money .
My little~brother asked for some wampum .
My little~sister is scared of all GPs .
My little~sister is scared of all abortionists .
My little~sister is scared of all allergists .
My little~sister is scared of all angiologists .
My little~sister is scared of all doctors .
My little~sister is scared of all externs .
My little~sister is scared of all gastroenterologists .
My little~sister is scared of all general practitioners .
My little~sister is scared of all hakeems .
My little~sister is scared of all hakims .
My little~sister is scared of all house physicians .
My little~sister is scared of all housemen .
My little~sister is scared of all internes .
My little~sister is scared of all interns .
My little~sister is scared of all medical externs .
My little~sister is scared of all medical interns .
My little~sister is scared of all medical men .
My little~sister is scared of all medical practitioners .
My little~sister is scared of all medical specialists .
My little~sister is scared of all operating surgeons .
My little~sister is scared of all primary care physicians .
My little~sister is scared of all quacks .
My little~sister is scared of all resident physicians .
My little~sister is scared of all residents .
My little~sister is scared of all sawboness .
My little~sister is scared of all specialists .
My little~sister is scared of all surgeons .
My little~sister is scared of all veterinarians .
My little~sister is scared of all veterinaries .
My little~sister is scared of all veterinary surgeons .
My little~sister is scared of all vets .
My mother anticipates all desires .
My mother anticipates all my arousals .
My mother anticipates all my desires .
My mother anticipates all my materialisms .
My mother anticipates all my passions .
My mother anticipates all my philistinisms .
My mother anticipates all my rages .
My mother bought a refrigerator
My mother bought a refrigerator and had it delivered .
My mother gave me all needed .
My mother gave me all the love I needed .
My mother likes tulips very much
My mother likes tulips very much and so does my sister .
My mother stopped her sewing
My mother stopped her sewing and picked up her book .
My mother suggested that I throw away some of the stuff in my closet .
My mother suggested that I throw away some stuff in my closet .
My mother wrote to me
My mother wrote to me and asked after my health .
My name is Mary
My name is Mary and this is Tom .
My name is Tom
My name is Tom . I 'm a Martian . " Come in
My name is Tom . I 'm a Martian . " Come in and join us for a cup of tea ! "
My name is Tom and this is Mary .
My nerdy friend said it 's dangerous to mix muriatic acid
My nerdy friend said it 's dangerous to mix muriatic acid and bleach .
My older brother made all preparations for us .
My older brother made all the alerts for us .
My older brother made all the preparations for us .
My older brother made all the qui vives for us .
My older brother made all the readies for us .
My older brother made all the states for us .
My parents are away on a trip
My parents are away on a trip and I 'm alone in our house .
My partner and I have been winning every game equipment today .
My partner and I have been winning every game today .
My partner and I have been winning every puzzle today .
My poor grandmother is very ill now
My poor grandmother is very ill now and I 'm afraid she 's at death 's door .
My printer is very low on all cartridges , and the quality of the printing is poor .
My printer is very low on all four ink cartridges ,
My printer is very low on all four ink cartridges , and the quality of the printing is poor .
My printer is very low on all four ink crystal pickups , and the quality of the printing is poor .
My printer is very low on all four ink electro-acoustic transducers , and the quality of the printing is poor .
My room faces south , which makes it sunny
My room faces south , which makes it sunny and very comfortable .
My short-term memory is getting shorter
My short-term memory is getting shorter and shorter .
My throat hurts
My throat hurts and my body feels heavy . It looks like I 've caught a cold somehow .
My train leaves at six~o'clock
My train leaves at six~o'clock and arrives there at ten~o'clock .
My train left at six
My train left at six and arrived at ten .
My tree had a few blossoms but no fruit .
My tree had a few blossoms but no product .
My tree had a few blossoms but no production .
My tree had no fruit .
My uncle 's brother 's son got involved in a shady business
My uncle 's brother 's son got involved in a shady business and disgraced the family .
My uncle lived a happy life
My uncle lived a happy life and died a peaceful death .
My whole body is black
My whole body is black and blue .
Nagoya is between Tokyo
Nagoya is between Tokyo and Osaka .
Nagoya lies between Tokyo
Nagoya lies between Tokyo and Osaka .
Name a country
Name a country or region where the Ebola virus has been found .
Nancy Pelosi was chosen by Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives to take the title
Nancy Pelosi was chosen by Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives to take the title and role of House Speaker on Thursday . Unanimously chosen , Pelosi will be the first woman Speaker in US history .
Naoki was poor
Naoki was poor and lived in a hut .
Napoleon 's army now advanced
Napoleon 's army now advanced and a great battle begins .
Nature knows no absolutenesses .
Nature knows no boundaries .
Nature knows no brinks .
Nature knows no extents .
Nature knows no heat barriers .
Nature knows no knife-edges .
Nature knows no level bests .
Nature knows no maxima .
Nature knows no starknesses .
Nature knows no thermal barriers .
Nature knows no utmosts .
Nature knows no uttermosts .
Nature knows no utternesses .
Nature knows no verges .
Necessity knows no law .
Necessity knows no learned profession .
Neither Mary nor John can swim .
Neither gold nor greatness make us happy .
Never deal with a dragon
Never deal with a dragon and never trust an elf !
Never write the words " bortsch "
Never write the words " bortsch " and " shchi " in German !
Nevertheless , increased longevity
Nevertheless , increased longevity and falling birth rates are major factors making many state pension systems across Europe unsustainable in their present form . Some member states have already introduced major reforms ( e.g. Germany , France and Austria ) others have continued to adapt their existing systems .
New buildings are being built here , there
New buildings are being built here , there and everywhere .
Newspapers , television ,
Newspapers , television , and radio are called the mass media .
Newton 's First Law says : " Every object persists in its state of rest
Newton 's First Law says : " Every object persists in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line unless it is compelled to change that state by forces impressed on it " .
New~Delhi : More than 100 Nobel prize winners , two US congressmen ,
New~Delhi : More than 100 Nobel prize winners , two US congressmen , and leading labour organizations have expressed concern over threats against the life of Kailash Satyarthi , India 's leading opponent of child labour .
Next Monday
Next Monday and Tuesday are consecutive holidays .
Next Monday and Tuesday are holidays .
Nikos Kourkoulos played in several movies , both in Greece
Nikos Kourkoulos played in several movies , both in Greece and abroad .
No academician was able to answer the question .
No animal builds beautiful churches , plays tennis , tells jokes , writes songs
No animal builds beautiful churches , plays tennis , tells jokes , writes songs or visits the moon .
No atmospheric phenomena were in the sky .
No body but John has heard of it .
No body but a fool would believe it .
No body except the King of England admires the King of England .
No body except the King of Great Britain admires the King of Great Britain .
No body except the crowned head admires the crowned head .
No body except the king admires the king .
No body except the king of england admires the king of england .
No body except the king of great britain admires the king of great britain .
No body except the monarch admires the monarch .
No body except the sovereign admires the sovereign .
No cirrocumulus clouds were in the sky .
No cirrocumuluss were in the sky .
No clouds were in the atmosphere .
No clouds were in the blue .
No clouds were in the blue air .
No clouds were in the blue sky .
No clouds were in the sky .
No clouds were in the wild blue yonder .
No girl in my adult educations is prettier than Linda .
No girl in my class is prettier than Linda .
No girl in my class is prettier than female child .
No girl in my class is prettier than girl .
No girl in my class is prettier than individual .
No girl in my class is prettier than little girl .
No girl in my class is prettier than mortal .
No girl in my class is prettier than person .
No girl in my class is prettier than somebody .
No girl in my class is prettier than someone .
No girl in my class is prettier than soul .
No girl in my didacticss is prettier than Linda .
No girl in my educational activities is prettier than Linda .
No girl in my educations is prettier than Linda .
No girl in my instructions is prettier than Linda .
No girl in my pedagogies is prettier than Linda .
No girl in my teachings is prettier than Linda .
No intellect was able to answer the question .
No intellectual was able to answer the question .
No major damage
No major damage or injuries are known to have resulted from the quake measuring 3.0 on the Richter scale .
No mountain in Japan is higher than Mt.~Fuji .
No one can get in
No one can get in or out .
No one found any actions .
No one found any reason to criticize his actions .
No one found any reason to criticize his antitrust cases .
No one found any reason to criticize his civil actions .
No one found any reason to criticize his counterclaims .
No one found any reason to criticize his criminal prosecutions .
No one found any reason to criticize his custody cases .
No one found any reason to criticize his legal proceedings .
No one found any reason to criticize his lis pendenss .
No one found any reason to criticize his proceedings .
No one found any reason to criticize his prosecutions .
No one found any reason to criticize his test cases .
No one found any reason to criticize his test suits .
No one is so learned that he can know all changes .
No one is so learned that he can know all crackerjacks .
No one is so learned that he can know all entities .
No one is so learned that he can know all fresheners .
No one is so learned that he can know all horrors .
No one is so learned that he can know all jimdandies .
No one is so learned that he can know all jimhickeys .
No one is so learned that he can know all pacifiers .
No one is so learned that he can know all security blankets .
No one is so learned that he can know all stinkers .
No one is so learned that he can know all things .
No one is so learned that he can know all whackers .
No one is so learned that he can know all whoppers .
No one laughed at my little accident
No one laughed at my little accident and everyone seemed a little sad .
No one seems to have any idea where John is .
No one seems to have any is .
No problem . Come again soon .
No schoolman was able to answer the question .
No student was able to answer the ask .
No student was able to answer the check out .
No student was able to answer the feel out .
No student was able to answer the question .
No student was able to answer the sound out .
No suitable Midrash offered itself to Tom .
No suitable comment offered itself to Tom .
No suitable comment offered itself to boy wonder .
No suitable comment offered itself to individual .
No suitable comment offered itself to mortal .
No suitable comment offered itself to person .
No suitable comment offered itself to somebody .
No suitable comment offered itself to someone .
No suitable comment offered itself to soul .
No suitable statement offered itself to Tom .
None of the boys paid any TLC to Mary .
None of the boys paid any attention to Mary .
None of the boys paid any baby sitting to Mary .
None of the boys paid any babysitting to Mary .
None of the boys paid any dental care to Mary .
None of the boys paid any faith cure to Mary .
None of the boys paid any faith healing to Mary .
None of the boys paid any first aid to Mary .
None of the boys paid any hair care to Mary .
None of the boys paid any haircare to Mary .
None of the boys paid any hairdressing to Mary .
None of the boys paid any health care to Mary .
None of the boys paid any healthcare to Mary .
None of the boys paid any incubation to Mary .
None of the boys paid any intervention to Mary .
None of the boys paid any livery to Mary .
None of the boys paid any manicure to Mary .
None of the boys paid any maternalism to Mary .
None of the boys paid any nourishment to Mary .
None of the boys paid any nursing to Mary .
None of the boys paid any nurturance to Mary .
None of the boys paid any pedicure to Mary .
None of the boys paid any personal care to Mary .
None of the boys paid any pet sitting to Mary .
None of the boys paid any skin care to Mary .
None of the boys paid any skincare to Mary .
None of the boys paid any tender loving care to Mary .
None of the boys paid any treatment to Mary .
None of the boys paid any tree surgery to Mary .
None of the boys paid any work to Mary .
Not all internet browsers are safe .
Not every book on the desk belongs to me .
Not every citizen of Russia is Russian .
Not every day is Sunday .
Not every one who lives here is rich .
Not every student went there yesterday .
Not everything is black
Not everything is black and white .
Nothing 's worse than having all the time in the world
Nothing 's worse than having all the time in the world and no one to spend it with .
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group or first person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein .
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group or grammatical category any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein .
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein .
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group or second person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein .
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group or syntactic category any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein .
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group or third person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein .
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein .
Nothing is as dangerous to you as flattery . You know that she 's lying
Nothing is as dangerous to you as flattery . You know that she 's lying and yet you believe her .
November 9 , 1989 , the day the Berlin Wall fell
November 9 , 1989 , the day the Berlin Wall fell and the world changed forever . Not even the most astute saw it coming .
Now , all I need is information .
Now , all need is information .
Now , shut up
Now , shut up and listen .
Now , when everything is gone , all left is the memory .
Now , when everything is gone , all we have left is the memory .
Now he was rich , wore fine clothes ,
Now he was rich , wore fine clothes , and made many friends , who all said that he was an excellent man , a real nobleman .
Now that he 's retired , Yves can look forward to a contented
Now that he 's retired , Yves can look forward to a contented and placid life .
Now you are a woman ,
Now you are a woman , and I have no here . You must return to the world of men , where joy awaits you .
Now you are a woman , and I have no right to keep you here . You must return to the world of men , where joy awaits you .
Nowadays , people know the price of everything
Nowadays , people know the price of everything and the value of nothing .
Nowadays there are no ninjas
Nowadays there are no ninjas or aristocracies in Japan .
Nowadays there are no ninjas or nobilities in Japan .
Nowadays there are no ninjas or samurais in Japan .
Nowadays there are no samurais in Japan .
Nutella is not very well known in Japan . However , in America
Nutella is not very well known in Japan . However , in America and Europe it 's a popular spread and various sized jars of Nutella may be seen lined up inside many grocery stores and supermarkets .
Oats have long been food for horses
Oats have long been food for horses and mules .
Of all books , this is by far the best on China .
Of all these books , this is by far the best on China .
Oh luck ! Like the moon , you steadily change , you always grow
Oh luck ! Like the moon , you steadily change , you always grow and then wither again .
Oh no ! I was n't paying attention
Oh no ! I was n't paying attention and left my cell~phone in the restaurant !
Oliver asked his parents , Tom
Oliver asked his parents , Tom and Mary , where do children come from .
On 19 February 2007 , XM Satellite Radio
On 19 February 2007 , XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio announced a move that will change the face of satellite radio in the United~States and Canada : XM and Sirius will be merging , creating a single satellite radio provider .
On February 1 , 1990 , during a spacewalk , Alexander~Serebrov dons an experimental flying armchair that had been delivered to Mir with Kvant~2 . Unlike U.S. astronauts , who flew untethered flights with a similar device , the Soviet cosmonaut remains attached to the station with a safety tether , since there is no emergency .
On February 1 , 1990 , during a spacewalk , Alexander~Serebrov dons an experimental flying armchair that had been delivered to Mir with Kvant~2 . Unlike U.S. astronauts , who flew untethered flights with a similar device , the Soviet cosmonaut remains attached to the station with a safety tether , since there is no space~shuttle to pick him up in case of an emergency .
On February 1 , 1990 , during a spacewalk , Alexander~Serebrov dons an experimental flying armchair that had been delivered to Mir with Kvant~2 . Unlike U.S. astronauts , who flew untethered flights with a similar device , the Soviet cosmonaut remains attached to the station with a safety tether , since there is no space~shuttle to pick him up in case of an temporary state .
On June 6 , 1944 , Allied naval , air
On June 6 , 1944 , Allied naval , air and ground forces operating with airborne assault troops and paratroopers overwhelmed the German " West~Wall " defenses built along France 's Channel Coast .
On June 9 , 1995 Arabella Cosima-Asereba~Kiesbauer was the target of a letter bomb at the Pro7 studios
On June 9 , 1995 Arabella Cosima-Asereba~Kiesbauer was the target of a letter bomb at the Pro7 studios and her assistant got injured .
On Thursday night they dined with Colombian writer
On Thursday night they dined with Colombian writer and Nobel laureate~Gabriel Garcia~Marquez .
On both sides of the agency there are cherry~trees .
On both sides of the mean there are cherry~trees .
On both sides of the road there are cherry~trees .
On both sides of the royal road there are cherry~trees .
On both sides of the way there are cherry~trees .
On my days off I look after my nephew
On my days off I look after my nephew and go out for dinner with friends .
On my way home , I fell asleep on the train
On my way home , I fell asleep on the train and rode past my station .
On my way home I fell asleep in the train ,
On my way home I fell asleep in the train , and rode past my station .
On our first date he popped out his cell phone
On our first date he popped out his cell phone and started texting someone . I could n't believe it !
On school nights , Tom goes to bed at nine~o'clock , but on Fridays
On school nights , Tom goes to bed at nine~o'clock , but on Fridays and Saturdays , he stays up much later .
On the other hand , there are some awkwardnesses .
On the other hand , there are some defects .
On the other hand , there are some deprivations .
On the other hand , there are some disadvantages .
On the other hand , there are some drawbacks .
On the other hand , there are some inexpediences .
On the other hand , there are some inexpediencies .
On the other hand , there are some inferiorities .
On the other hand , there are some liabilities .
On the other hand , there are some limitations .
On the other hand , there are some losses .
On the other hand , there are some nuisance values .
On the other hand , there are some penalties .
On the other hand , there are some shortcomings .
On the other hand , there are some unfavorable positions .
On the other hand , there are some unfavorablenesses .
On the other hand , there are some unfavourablenesses .
On the other hand , there are some unprofitabilities .
On the other hand , there are some unprofitablenesses .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green Austrian winter peas .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green Pisum arvenses .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green Pisum sativum arvenses .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green Pisum sativum macrocarpons .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green Pisum sativums .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green common peas .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green edible-pod peas .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green edible-podded peas .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green field peas .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green field-pea plants .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green garden pea plants .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green garden peas .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green legumes .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green leguminous plants .
On the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green peas .
On the plate was some peas .
On the right , the Iller , Lech , Isar
On the right , the Iller , Lech , Isar and Inn rivers draw towards the Danube .
On the table there are some accumulations .
On the table there are some aggregations .
On the table there are some assemblages .
On the table there are some books .
On the table there are some collections .
Once dismissed as an artificial language , Esperanto has gained the respect of a new generation of linguists , as all time .
Once dismissed as an artificial language , Esperanto has gained the respect of a new generation of linguists , as the most successful planned language of all period .
Once dismissed as an artificial language , Esperanto has gained the respect of a new generation of linguists , as the most successful planned language of all period of time .
Once dismissed as an artificial language , Esperanto has gained the respect of a new generation of linguists , as the most successful planned language of all time .
Once dismissed as an artificial language , Esperanto has gained the respect of a new generation of linguists , as the most successful planned language of all time period .
Once thawed , do not freeze again
Once thawed , do not freeze again and use right away . Cook well .
Once upon a time , there lived a poor man
Once upon a time , there lived a poor man and a rich woman .
Once upon a time , there was a man
Once upon a time , there was a man and his wife . They had no house . They were living in the fields and sleeping at the foot of a tree .
Once upon a time , there was a man and his wife . They had no management . They were living in the fields and sleeping at the foot of a tree .
Once upon a time an old man
Once upon a time an old man and his wife lived together in a little village .
Once upon a time there was a poor man
Once upon a time there was a poor man and a rich woman .
One does not need to be an ornithologist to be able to distinguish blackbirds from crows
One does not need to be an ornithologist to be able to distinguish blackbirds from crows or even jackdaws .
One is Japanese
One is Japanese and the other is Italian .
One is in Kumamoto
One is in Kumamoto and the other in Tokyo .
One is red
One is red and the other is white .
One more step ,
One more step , and you 'll be a dead man .
One night he came home very tired
One night he came home very tired and sad .
One of her three cars is blue
One of her three cars is blue and the others are white .
One of my brothers is a teacher
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers .
One of my neighbors called
One of my neighbors called and said I left one of my windows open .
One of us has to stay here
One of us has to stay here and take care of Tom .
One thing I learned a long time ago was that anger clouds the mind . I 've seen a lot of people I know personally transform into irrational beasts when angry ,
One thing I learned a long time ago was that anger clouds the mind . I 've seen a lot of people I know personally transform into irrational beasts when angry , and this rant of yours is no exception . Try to keep calm .
One way
One way or the other we made him understand it .
One who knows no love knows no unhappiness .
One who knows no sex activity knows no unhappiness .
One who knows no sex knows no unhappiness .
One who knows no sexual activity knows no unhappiness .
One who knows no sexual practice knows no unhappiness .
One who not long ago thought he had control over something is suddenly lying motionless in a wooden box ,
One who not long ago thought he had control over something is suddenly lying motionless in a wooden box , and when everyone around sees that such a person is no longer good for anything , they simply burned him up in an oven .
One year on from the Indian~Ocean tsunami , the world 's grief
One year on from the Indian~Ocean tsunami , the world 's grief and compassion returned to the tsunami-battered coastlines of the Indian~Ocean , where at least 216,000 people lost their lives . Under a clear sky and before a gentle sea , the world commemorated those who lost their lives , in one of the worst natural disasters that the modern world has experienced .
Onions can be eaten raw
Onions can be eaten raw or cooked .
Only 2.1 percent of the music albums released in 2009 sold 5,000 copies
Only 2.1 percent of the music albums released in 2009 sold 5,000 copies or more .
Only Tom
Only Tom and Mary were at home .
Only a few of the embassies , mainly those of states accredited in the German~Democratic~Republic ( GDR ) , were able to make use of existing buildings in Berlin . The majority of the embassies had to have new buildings erected
Only a few of the embassies , mainly those of states accredited in the German~Democratic~Republic ( GDR ) , were able to make use of existing buildings in Berlin . The majority of the embassies had to have new buildings erected or buildings that were already in place adapted for this new use .
Only ask questions to which the reply can be either " yes "
Only ask questions to which the reply can be either " yes " or no " .
Only in every .
Only in every third German household meals are cooked daily yet .
Only in philosophy can you use a circular argument
Only in philosophy can you use a circular argument and get praised for it .
Only one of the tires is extremely flat . I wonder if it was punctured by a nail
Only one of the tires is extremely flat . I wonder if it was punctured by a nail or something .
Only to err is to live ,
Only to err is to live , and knowledge is death .
Open a book
Open a book and it will open your soul .
Open the door
Open the door and let in the dog .
Open the window
Open the window and let in some fresh air .
Open the window and let some fresh air into the room , please .
Open your heart
Open your heart and tell me everything .
Operation Condor was a genocide
Operation Condor was a genocide and a campaign of counter-terrorism implemented by the right-wing dictatorships that dominated the Southern Cone in Latin~America from the 1950s to 1980s .
Organic vegetables are popular because they 're safe
Organic vegetables are popular because they 're safe and tasty .
Originally , Abraham Lincoln wanted all individuals to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean .
Originally , Abraham Lincoln wanted all mortals to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean .
Originally , Abraham Lincoln wanted all people to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean .
Originally , Abraham Lincoln wanted all slaves to be deported to Africa
Originally , Abraham Lincoln wanted all slaves to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean .
Originally , Abraham Lincoln wanted all somebodies to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean .
Originally , Abraham Lincoln wanted all someones to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean .
Originally , Abraham Lincoln wanted all souls to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean .
Our city has no service yet .
Our city has no water conjugation yet .
Our city has no water coupling yet .
Our city has no water mating yet .
Our city has no water pairing yet .
Our city has no water service yet .
Our city has no water sexual union yet .
Our city has no water union yet .
Our father in heaven , hallowed be your name . Thy kingdom come , on earth as in heaven . Gives us our daily bread . Forgive us of our sin , as we forgive those who sin against us . Lead us not into temptation , but deliver us from evil . For the kingdom , the power
Our father in heaven , hallowed be your name . Thy kingdom come , on earth as in heaven . Gives us our daily bread . Forgive us of our sin , as we forgive those who sin against us . Lead us not into temptation , but deliver us from evil . For the kingdom , the power and the glory are yours . Now and forever . Amen .
Our resident squirrel eats all camellias .
Our resident squirrel eats all our Camellia japonicas .
Our resident squirrel eats all our bushes .
Our resident squirrel eats all our camellias .
Our resident squirrel eats all our japonicas .
Our resident squirrel eats all our shrubs .
Our sister bought some cabbage at the market .
Our sister bought some eggplants , potatoes , zucchinis
Our sister bought some eggplants , potatoes , zucchinis and Chinese Brassica oleracea capitatum at the market .
Our sister bought some eggplants , potatoes , zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market .
Our sister bought some eggplants , potatoes , zucchinis and Chinese crucifer at the market .
Our sister bought some eggplants , potatoes , zucchinis and Chinese cruciferous plant at the market .
Our sister bought some eggplants , potatoes , zucchinis and Chinese head cabbage at the market .
Our sister bought some eggplants , potatoes , zucchinis and Chinese head cabbage plant at the market .
Our soccer team beat all the other teams in the borough .
Our soccer team beat all the other teams in the municipality .
Our soccer team beat all the other teams in the town .
Our soccer team beat all town .
Our teacher showed us different kinds of flowers
Our teacher showed us different kinds of flowers and told us in passing that those flowers came from her garden .
Our teachers say ours is the best school in the state ,
Our teachers say ours is the best school in the state , and in a way , it is .
Ours are quality frames
Ours are quality frames and not low quality articles . Eyeglasses of this kind are considerably more expensive in any optical clas .
Ours are quality frames and not low quality articles . Eyeglasses of this kind are considerably more expensive in any optical course .
Ours are quality frames and not low quality articles . Eyeglasses of this kind are considerably more expensive in any optical course of instruction .
Ours are quality frames and not low quality articles . Eyeglasses of this kind are considerably more expensive in any optical course of study .
Ours are quality frames and not low quality articles . Eyeglasses of this kind are considerably more expensive in any optical shop .
Ours are quality frames and not low quality articles . Eyeglasses of this kind are considerably more expensive in any shop .
Over a course of days , the bank went from apparent strength to bankruptcy . Barings was Britain 's oldest merchant bank . It had financed the Napoleonic wars , the Louisiana purchase ,
Over a course of days , the bank went from apparent strength to bankruptcy . Barings was Britain 's oldest merchant bank . It had financed the Napoleonic wars , the Louisiana purchase , and the Erie Canal . Barings was the Queen 's bank .
Over the last month , I have eaten Chinese , French , Italian , Greek , Hungarian
Over the last month , I have eaten Chinese , French , Italian , Greek , Hungarian and Mexican food .
Over two~hundred guests attended Tom
Over two~hundred guests attended Tom and Mary 's wedding .
Overall the accident rate worldwide for commercial aviation has been falling fairly dramatically especially during the period between 1950
Overall the accident rate worldwide for commercial aviation has been falling fairly dramatically especially during the period between 1950 and 1970 , largely due to the introduction of new technology during this period .
PM often entered both food .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and aliment .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and alimentation .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and beverage .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and chyme .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and comestible .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and comfort food .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and commissariat .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and drink .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and drinkable .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and eatable .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and edible .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and fare .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and feed .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and food .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and food product .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and foodstuff .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and manna .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and manna from heaven .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and medium .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and micronutrient .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and miraculous food .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and nutriment .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and nutrition .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and pabulum .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and potable .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and provender .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and provision .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and soul food .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and substance .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and sustenance .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and viand .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and victual .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and vitellu .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and water .
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and yolk .
Paper is patient . It can be a long time from the planning stage till the execution of a project . Not everything agreed on paper will be respected
Paper is patient . It can be a long time from the planning stage till the execution of a project . Not everything agreed on paper will be respected and accomplished . There is much written down that is wrong .
Pastafarians believe that an invisible
Pastafarians believe that an invisible and undetectable Flying Spaghetti Monster created the universe .
Pat~Schroeder said that you ca n't wring your hands
Pat~Schroeder said that you ca n't wring your hands and roll up your sleeves at the same time .
Peace , mercy
Peace , mercy and blessings of God be upon you .
Peel the bananas
Peel the bananas and mash them with a fork .
Peel the potatoes
Peel the potatoes and carrots .
People crushed by law , have no hopes but from power . If laws are their enemies , they will be enemies to laws ; and those who have much to hope and nothing to lose , will always be dangerous .
People crushed by law , have no hopes but from power . If laws are their enemies , they will be enemies to laws ; ø
People in the world are always advocating for more freedom
People in the world are always advocating for more freedom and equality .
People leaving GM with Lopez included Jose~Gutierrez , Jorge~Alvarez~Aguirre ,
People leaving GM with Lopez included Jose~Gutierrez , Jorge~Alvarez~Aguirre , and Rosario~Piazza .
People who are allergic to pineapple , bananas ,
People who are allergic to pineapple , bananas , or latex are likely also to be allergic to kiwifruit .
Perhaps I should go
Perhaps I should go and see Tom .
Perhaps we can come to some arrangement that works for both of metallic elements .
Perhaps we can come to some arrangement that works for both of metals .
Perhaps we can come to some arrangement that works for both of uranium 235s .
Perhaps we can come to some arrangement that works for both of uranium 238s .
Perhaps we can come to some arrangement that works for both of us .
Perhaps we can come to some arrangement that works for both us .
Perhaps we can come to some us .
Peru is the third largest country in South America after Brazil
Peru is the third largest country in South America after Brazil and Argentina .
Peter has been trying to find a new apartment for some period .
Peter has been trying to find a new apartment for some period of time .
Peter has been trying to find a new apartment for some time .
Peter has been trying to find a new apartment for some time period .
Peter was fed~up with childish girls
Peter was fed~up with childish girls and wanted to meet a really mature woman .
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some Berber .
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Afrasian .
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Afrasian language .
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Afro-Asiatic .
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Afroasiatic .
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Afroasiatic language .
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Berber .
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Hamito-Semitic .
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Tuareg .
Pharamp wishes everyone a Merry Christmas
Pharamp wishes everyone a Merry Christmas and a great summer with many concerts !
Philip~Morris cited strong volume gains in Germany , Italy , France , Spain , central
Philip~Morris cited strong volume gains in Germany , Italy , France , Spain , central and eastern Europe , Russia , the Middle~East , Japan , Korea , Argentina and Brazil .
Philip~Morris cited strong volume gains in Germany , Italy , France , Spain , central and eastern Europe , the Far East , Japan , Korea , Argentina and Brazil .
Phosphorus provides nourishment for cyanobacteria ( blue algae ) which multiply
Phosphorus provides nourishment for cyanobacteria ( blue algae ) which multiply and release toxins .
Physicists discovered that atoms are made up of vortices of energy that are constantly spinning
Physicists discovered that atoms are made up of vortices of energy that are constantly spinning and vibrating .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no acknowledgement when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no acknowledgment when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no approval when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no aside when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no body when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no bunk when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no commendation when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no commitment when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no communication when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no corker when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no counsel when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no counseling when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no counselling when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no dedication when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no digression when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no direction when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no disapproval when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no discourtesy when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no disrespect when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no divagation when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no drivel when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no entry when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no excursu when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no garbage when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no guidance when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no hokum when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no hummy when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no humor when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no import when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no info when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no information when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no insertion when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no instruction when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no interpolation when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no latent content when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no meaning when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no meaninglessnes when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no memorial when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no message when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no narration when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no narrative when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no nonsense when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no nonsensicality when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no offer when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no offering when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no opinion when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no packaging when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no parenthesi when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no petition when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no postulation when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no promotion when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no promotional material when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no proposal when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no publicity when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no refusal when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no reminder when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no request when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no respect when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no sensationalism when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no shocker when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no significance when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no signification when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no statement when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no story when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no subject when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no submission when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no tale when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no theme when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no topic when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no view when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no wit when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no witticism when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pierre Beregovoy , until a month ago Prime Minister of France , apparently left no wittines when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun .
Pinocchio 's only fault was that he had too many friends . Among these were many well-known rascals , who cared not a jot for study
Pinocchio 's only fault was that he had too many friends . Among these were many well-known rascals , who cared not a jot for study or for success .
Pinocchio turned
Pinocchio turned and saw a large cricket crawling slowly up the wall .
Pinocchio was greatly afraid of thunder
Pinocchio was greatly afraid of thunder and lightning , but the hunger he felt was far greater than his fear .
Pinocchio was made of very hard wood
Pinocchio was made of very hard wood and the knives broke into a thousand pieces .
Please cancel my order
Please cancel my order and send confirmation that this has been done .
Please fasten your seat~belt during takeoff
Please fasten your seat~belt during takeoff and landing .
Please give me two hot~dogs with mustard
Please give me two hot~dogs with mustard and ketchup .
Please go away
Please go away and stop annoying me .
Please let me know if you find any typos
Please let me know if you find any typos or missing words .
Please notify me by e-mail about any bugs found
Please notify me by e-mail about any bugs found or missing functions that you want to be included in future versions of the BMI calculator .
Please order this product by February 15 ,
Please order this product by February 15 , and we will be able to deliver it before March 15 .
Please take off all your clothes except your underpants
Please take off all your clothes except your underpants and bra .
Please think it over
Please think it over and let me know your decision .
Pocket calculators are as cheap to buy as a pair of socks ,
Pocket calculators are as cheap to buy as a pair of socks , and as essential to thousands of British school children as a pencil and eraser .
Political change in eastern Europe
Political change in eastern Europe and the removal of trade barriers in the Far East have given the four multinationals-Philip~Morris , BAT Industries , R J Reynolds and Rothmans International-access to big potential new markets .
Politicians are always censured for outrageous
Politicians are always censured for outrageous or inappropriate behavior .
Politicians often skirt around the truth
Politicians often skirt around the truth and do n't give direct answers to questions .
Popularity should be no proportion for the election of politicians . If it would depend on popularity , Donald~Duck and The~Muppets would take seats in senate .
Popularity should be no scale for the election of politicians . If it would depend on popularity , Donald~Duck
Popularity should be no scale for the election of politicians . If it would depend on popularity , Donald~Duck and The~Muppets would take seats in senate .
Portugal is no example .
Portugal is no exception .
Portugal is no illustration .
Portugal is no instance .
Portugal is no representative .
Powell 's effort bettered the miraculous gold medal winning jump
Powell 's effort bettered the miraculous gold medal winning jump and previous world record of 8.90 m / 29-2.50 by Bob Beamon at the 1968 Olympics in Mexico~City .
Power tends to corrupt
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely .
Practically every bar was looking at Mary .
Practically every guy in the bar was looking at Mary .
Prejudices die a slow death ,
Prejudices die a slow death , and you can never be sure they are really dead .
President Barack~Obama praised Poland as an example for aspiring democracies in the Middle~East
President Barack~Obama praised Poland as an example for aspiring democracies in the Middle~East and elsewhere .
President Lincoln wrote all documents .
President Lincoln wrote all five of these certificates of indebtedness .
President Lincoln wrote all five of these communications .
President Lincoln wrote all five of these debt instruments .
President Lincoln wrote all five of these documents .
President Lincoln wrote all five of these letters of credit .
President Lincoln wrote all five of these obligations .
President Lincoln wrote all five of these quittances .
President Lincoln wrote all five of these records .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran met with King Abdullah here in the Saudi capital on Saturday to address the Middle East 's growing sectarian
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran met with King Abdullah here in the Saudi capital on Saturday to address the Middle East 's growing sectarian and political crises .
Pretty soon along came to the village some strangely dressed people who called themselves surveyors ;
Pretty soon along came to the village some strangely dressed people who called themselves surveyors ; and they surveyed a line in front of my grandmother 's little house .
Prices have risen in Japan
Prices have risen in Japan and Tokyo is very expensive to live in .
Primrose Hill is a hill
Primrose Hill is a hill and district located on the north side of Regent 's Park . The hill has a fine view of central London . Like Regent 's Park the area was once part of a great chase appropriated by Henry VIII and became Crown property in 1841 .
Prince Laurent of Belgium , the youngest son of King Albert II of Belgium , has been questioned last night by the federal police
Prince Laurent of Belgium , the youngest son of King Albert II of Belgium , has been questioned last night by the federal police and is attending today 's court session in Hasselt in a marine fraud case that has gripped Belgian media since last December .
Princess Alice of Greece was deaf
Princess Alice of Greece was deaf and could lip-read in three languages .
Prior to that , Andy Sipowicz began to date Assistant District Attorney Sylvia Costas . They got married in 1995
Prior to that , Andy Sipowicz began to date Assistant District Attorney Sylvia Costas . They got married in 1995 and had a son Theo in 1996 .
Productive thinking
Productive thinking and creativity are unthinkable without imagination .
Prosecutions tended to be more aggressive
Prosecutions tended to be more aggressive and sentences tended to be longer for financial crimes with many victims and massive losses of money , as in the Minkow case .
Provide water to the thirsty
Provide water to the thirsty and food to the hungry .
Prunes are dehydrated plums ,
Prunes are dehydrated plums , and are very good for your health .
Puns were found in ancient Egypt , where they were heavily used in development of myths
Puns were found in ancient Egypt , where they were heavily used in development of myths and interpretation of dreams .
Push the green button ,
Push the green button , and the light goes on .
Put down your pencil
Put down your pencil and listen .
Put down your pencil and listen to me .
Put the margarine in a bowl
Put the margarine in a bowl and mix until creamy .
Put your hand over your mouth when you cough , sneeze
Put your hand over your mouth when you cough , sneeze or yawn .
Put your toys back into the box
Put your toys back into the box and then put the box on the shelf .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no present .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the date .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the here and now .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the moment .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the nonce .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the now .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the present .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the present moment .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the time .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the time being .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the today .
Quick , let 's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds . There 's no time like the tonight .
Rabbits are related to beavers
Rabbits are related to beavers and squirrels .
Rabbits have long ears
Rabbits have long ears and short tails .
Read the list we sent you
Read the list we sent you and check that all the sentences sound natural to you .
Recent Dakosaurus research comes from a complete skull found in Argentina in 1996 , studied by Diego~Pol of Ohio~State~University , Zulma~Gasparini of Argentina s National~University~of~La~Plata ,
Recent Dakosaurus research comes from a complete skull found in Argentina in 1996 , studied by Diego~Pol of Ohio~State~University , Zulma~Gasparini of Argentina s National~University~of~La~Plata , and their colleagues .
Recent comics have too many violent
Recent comics have too many violent and sexual scenes .
Recurrent miscarriage is distinct from infertility ,
Recurrent miscarriage is distinct from infertility , and is defined as two
Recurrent miscarriage is distinct from infertility , and is defined as two or more failed pregnancies .
Rejoice with them that do rejoice ,
Rejoice with them that do rejoice , and weep with them that weep .
Relations between Argentina
Relations between Argentina and Great~Britain are growing more cooperative .
Relations between Greece
Relations between Greece and Germany are tense .
Rescue workers completed an airlift evacuation of a half-submerged riverside district of the Swiss capital Thursday as large parts of central
Rescue workers completed an airlift evacuation of a half-submerged riverside district of the Swiss capital Thursday as large parts of central and southern Europe were hit by flooding that killed at least 42 people .
Retrace your steps
Retrace your steps and maybe you 'll find your keys .
Revenue from the thrift store funded the Salvation Army 's drug-
Revenue from the thrift store funded the Salvation Army 's drug- and alcohol-rehabilitation service .
Robert comes to visit me every now
Robert comes to visit me every now and then .
Robinson left his native Ireland in 1861 to take up a job at the Botanical Gardens of Regents Park , London ,
Robinson left his native Ireland in 1861 to take up a job at the Botanical Gardens of Regents Park , London , and then worked for the leading horticultural firm of Veitch .
Roger Miller became very popular because of the success of the songs " Dang Me "
Roger Miller became very popular because of the success of the songs " Dang Me " and " Chug-A-Lug . "
Roll up your sleeves
Roll up your sleeves and get busy .
Romney said the Obama campaign had been " reduced to petty attacks
Romney said the Obama campaign had been " reduced to petty attacks and silly word games " .
Roughly 14 % of all the human beings that have ever existed are alive today .
Roughly half of America 's fruits
Roughly half of America 's fruits and vegetables come from California .
Rumor has it that Tom
Rumor has it that Tom and Mary are going to be married soon .
Russia , the European~Union
Russia , the European~Union and the U.S. are accusing each~other of interference in Ukraine 's domestic affairs .
Russia is the biggest state in the world ,
Russia is the biggest state in the world , and The Vatican is the smallest state in the world .
Russia rejected both demands .
Russia rejected both duties .
Russia rejected both obligations .
Russia rejected both responsibilities .
Russian adjectives agree in gender , number ,
Russian adjectives agree in gender , number , and case with the nouns
Russian adjectives agree in gender , number , and case with the nouns or pronouns to which they refer .
Russians are able to name as brothers the very people whose country they 're devastating
Russians are able to name as brothers the very people whose country they 're devastating and who they are slaughtering .
Sabrina slipped
Sabrina slipped and spilled coffee all over Mary 's dress .
Saburo snatched up all table .
Saburo snatched up all the snacks that were sitting on the table .
Salzburg dumplings are sweet as love
Salzburg dumplings are sweet as love and tender as a kiss .
Samuel helps every him .
Samuel helps every one who asks him .
Sarah 's young friends were starting to be scared . Only she kept her cool
Sarah 's young friends were starting to be scared . Only she kept her cool and reassured her friends .
Scientists believe that about 13.7 billion years ago , a powerful explosion called the Big Bang happened . This powerful explosion set the universe into motion
Scientists believe that about 13.7 billion years ago , a powerful explosion called the Big Bang happened . This powerful explosion set the universe into motion and this motion continues today .
Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active
Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn 's icy E ring . Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system , reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it .
Scott~Island is 370 metres long
Scott~Island is 370 metres long and 180 m wide , with the highest elevation being Haggits~Pillar at 63 m .
Scott~Island was discovered
Scott~Island was discovered and landed upon in December 1902 by Captain William~Colbeck commander of the Morning , relief ship for Capt. Robert~F.~Scott 's expedition .
Seals are clumsy
Seals are clumsy and ponderous on land , but very graceful in the water .
Seems like every problem we manage to solve requires a greater genius to correct the damage the solution had caused .
Seize the moments of happiness , love
Seize the moments of happiness , love and be loved ! That is the only reality in the world , all else is folly . It is the one thing we are interested in here .
Setting national goals
Setting national goals and developing national standards to meet them are recent strategies in the our education reform policy . Support for national education standards by state governments originated in 1989 , when the National~Governors Association endorsed national education goals . President George Bush immediately added his support by forming the National~Education Goals Panel .
Several of the reports were missing .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred 365 dayss ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred 366 dayss ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred Christian years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred Holy Years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred New Years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred Y2Ks ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred annums ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred bissextile years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred calendar years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred church years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred civil years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred common years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred financial years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred fiscal years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred intercalary years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred leap years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred off years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred periods ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred periods of time ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred time periods ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred years ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some four~hundred years of grace ago .
Shakespeare , whose plays are world-famous , lived some years ago .
Shakespeare wrote both comedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and black comedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and comedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and commedia dell'arte .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and dark comedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and drama .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and farce .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and farce comedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and high comedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and low comedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and melodrama .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and seriocomedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and sitcom .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and situation comedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and slapstick .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and tragicomedy .
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and travesty .
She 's a good actress
She 's a good actress and she 's really pretty .
She 's a smart
She 's a smart and independent girl .
She 's active
She 's active and fit .
She 's always happy
She 's always happy and smiling .
She 's busy now
She 's busy now and ca n't speak to you .
She 's by no consideration . She 's just shy .
She 's by no means lacking in consideration . She 's just shy .
She 's by no means lacking in fee . She 's just shy .
She 's by no means lacking in quid . She 's just shy .
She 's by no means lacking in quid pro quo . She 's just shy .
She 's elegant
She 's elegant and refined .
She 's happy
She 's happy and satisfied .
She 's hungry
She 's hungry and thirsty .
She 's jealous
She 's jealous and irrational .
She 's lonely
She 's lonely and un happy .
She 's only interested in fish
She 's only interested in fish and cockroaches .
She 's very ill
She 's very ill and has been in bed for a week .
She bent down
She bent down and picked up the coin .
She bought a hair brush
She bought a hair brush and a tooth brush .
She bought a toaster , a coffeemaker , an egg cooker
She bought a toaster , a coffeemaker , an egg cooker and a hand mixer .
She bought some Beta vulgariss yesterday .
She bought some Cynara cardunculuss yesterday .
She bought some Cynara scolymuss yesterday .
She bought some Spinacia oleraceas yesterday .
She bought some artichoke plants yesterday .
She bought some artichokes yesterday .
She bought some beets yesterday .
She bought some bread .
She bought some cardoons yesterday .
She bought some common beets yesterday .
She bought some globe artichokes yesterday .
She bought some herbaceous plants yesterday .
She bought some herbs yesterday .
She bought some prickly-seeded spinaches yesterday .
She bought some rye Boston brown bread .
She bought some rye English muffin .
She bought some rye Host .
She bought some rye anadama bread .
She bought some rye baked good .
She bought some rye bap .
She bought some rye barmbrack .
She bought some rye bread .
She bought some rye bread-stick .
She bought some rye breadstick .
She bought some rye brown bread .
She bought some rye bun .
She bought some rye caraway seed bread .
She bought some rye challah .
She bought some rye cinnamon bread .
She bought some rye cracked-wheat bread .
She bought some rye cracker .
She bought some rye crouton .
She bought some rye dark bread .
She bought some rye flatbread .
She bought some rye garlic bread .
She bought some rye gluten bread .
She bought some rye hallah .
She bought some rye light bread .
She bought some rye loaf .
She bought some rye loaf of bread .
She bought some rye matzah .
She bought some rye matzo .
She bought some rye matzoh .
She bought some rye naan .
She bought some rye nan .
She bought some rye onion bread .
She bought some rye quick bread .
She bought some rye raisin bread .
She bought some rye roll .
She bought some rye rye bread .
She bought some rye salt-rising bread .
She bought some rye simnel .
She bought some rye sour bread .
She bought some rye sourdough bread .
She bought some rye starch .
She bought some rye toast .
She bought some rye unleavened bread .
She bought some rye wafer .
She bought some rye white bread .
She bought some rye whole meal bread .
She bought some rye whole wheat bread .
She bought some spinach plants yesterday .
She bought some spinaches yesterday .
She bought some vegetables yesterday .
She buys every price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the asking price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the bid price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the cash price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the closing price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the cost .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the factory price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the highway robbery .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the purchase price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the selling price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the spot price .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the support level .
She buys every thing she wants without paying attention to the valuation .
She came , she saw --
She came , she saw -- and she did n't say a thing .
She can speak French
She can speak French and she speaks it fluently .
She combed her hair
She combed her hair and bound it with a ribbon .
She comes to visit us every now
She comes to visit us every now and then .
She complained continually that there was no left .
She complained continually that there was no money hand .
She complained continually that there was no money left .
She complained continually that there was no money manu .
She complained continually that there was no money mitt .
She complained continually that there was no money paw .
She could not accept the fact that she
She could not accept the fact that she and her students had so much while other people had so little .
She cut the cake into six pieces
She cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each children .
She cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the children .
She cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the descendants .
She cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the descendents .
She devoted all energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her activation energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her alternative energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her atomic energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her binding energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her chemical energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her electrical energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her electricity to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her energy level to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her energy of activation to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her energy state to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her heat energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her heat to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her mechanical energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her nuclear energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her physical phenomenon to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her radiant energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her radiation to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her rest energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her separation energy to studying Spanish .
She devoted all her work to studying Spanish .
She does n't have any brothers
She does n't have any brothers or sisters .
She drowned herself in some artificial lake .
She drowned herself in some bayou .
She drowned herself in some body of water .
She drowned herself in some lagoon .
She drowned herself in some laguna .
She drowned herself in some lagune .
She drowned herself in some lake .
She drowned herself in some loch .
She drowned herself in some lough .
She drowned herself in some man-made lake .
She drowned herself in some oxbow lake .
She drowned herself in some pond .
She drowned herself in some pool .
She drowned herself in some reservoir .
She drowned herself in some tarn .
She drowned herself in some water .
She fell down
She fell down and broke her left leg .
She felt something between love
She felt something between love and hatred .
She felt sympathy for the orphan
She felt sympathy for the orphan and gave him some money .
She followed me into the kitchen
She followed me into the kitchen and picked up a knife .
She followed me into the kitchen and picked up a knife . She then started cutting vegetables .
She forgot everything
She forgot everything and ca n't remember anything .
She gave a cat some acidophilus milk .
She gave a cat some beverage .
She gave a cat some drink .
She gave a cat some drinkable .
She gave a cat some milk .
She gave a cat some potable .
She gave a domestic cat some milk .
She gave a felid some milk .
She gave a feline some milk .
She gave a felis catu some milk .
She gave a felis domesticu some milk .
She gave a house cat some milk .
She gave away all dolls .
She gave away all dresses .
She gave away all her dolls .
She gave away all her dresses .
She gave him all money .
She gave him all of her money .
She gave him all of her silver .
She gave him all silver .
She gave him all the money that she had then .
She gave him all then .
She gave him her name
She gave him her name and telephone number .
She gave me a haughty look
She gave me a haughty look and walked away .
She gave me mouth to mouth
She gave me mouth to mouth and saved my life .
She gave me some advice .
She gave me some good advice .
She gave me some practical advice .
She gave the children each each .
She gave the children two apples each .
She got all angry because I kept silent .
She got all angry for my silence .
She got all the more angry because I kept silent .
She got all the more angry for my silence .
She got into the car
She got into the car and drove off .
She got no answer from him .
She got no him .
She got on a bus
She got on a bus and took a seat in the front .
She grabbed her purse
She grabbed her purse and left .
She grabbed her towel
She grabbed her towel and headed for the beach .
She grabbed him by the hand
She grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat .
She grinned toothlessly
She grinned toothlessly and , after a cackle , spoke , " Now your third wish .
She had no choice but to marry the old man .
She had no other action but to marry the old man .
She had no other ballot but to marry the old man .
She had no other balloting but to marry the old man .
She had no other casting but to marry the old man .
She had no other choice but to marry the old man .
She had no other coloration but to marry the old man .
She had no other colouration but to marry the old man .
She had no other conclusion but to marry the old man .
She had no other decision but to marry the old man .
She had no other determination but to marry the old man .
She had no other election but to marry the old man .
She had no other sampling but to marry the old man .
She had no other volition but to marry the old man .
She had no other vote but to marry the old man .
She had no other voting but to marry the old man .
She had no other willing but to marry the old man .
She has a cold
She has a cold and is absent from school .
She has a dog
She has a dog and six cats .
She has a fair skin
She has a fair skin and hair .
She has been ill for a long time
She has been ill for a long time and she is still too weak to get about .
She has her father 's eyes
She has her father 's eyes and her mother 's nose .
She has no beautiful .
She has no sense of the beautiful .
She has two cats . One is black ,
She has two cats . One is black , and the other is white .
She has two cats . One is white
She has two cats . One is white and the other one is black .
She has yet to answer any of the precariousnesses .
She has yet to answer any of the questions .
She has yet to answer any of the uncertainnesses .
She has yet to answer any of the uncertainties .
She has yet to answer any questions .
She invites us to all her American Federalist Partys .
She invites us to all her American Labor Partys .
She invites us to all her American Partys .
She invites us to all her Anti-Masonic Partys .
She invites us to all her Black Pantherss .
She invites us to all her Bull Moose Partys .
She invites us to all her Communist Partys .
She invites us to all her Conservative Partys .
She invites us to all her Constitutional Union Partys .
She invites us to all her Democratic Partys .
She invites us to all her Democratic-Republican Partys .
She invites us to all her Dixiecratss .
She invites us to all her Farmer-Labor Partys .
She invites us to all her Federal Partys .
She invites us to all her Federalist Partys .
She invites us to all her Free Soil Partys .
She invites us to all her GOPs .
She invites us to all her Girondes .
She invites us to all her Green Partys .
She invites us to all her Greenback Partys .
She invites us to all her Guomindangs .
She invites us to all her Know-Nothing Partys .
She invites us to all her Kuomintangs .
She invites us to all her Liberal Democrat Partys .
She invites us to all her Liberal Partys .
She invites us to all her Liberty Partys .
She invites us to all her Militant Tendencys .
She invites us to all her National Socialist German Workers' Partys .
She invites us to all her Nazi Partys .
She invites us to all her Oppositions .
She invites us to all her People's Partys .
She invites us to all her Populist Partys .
She invites us to all her Progressive Partys .
She invites us to all her Prohibition Partys .
She invites us to all her Republican Partys .
She invites us to all her Social Democratic Partys .
She invites us to all her Socialist Labor Partys .
She invites us to all her Socialist Partys .
She invites us to all her States' Rights Democratic Partys .
She invites us to all her Whig Partys .
She invites us to all her labor parties .
She invites us to all her labour parties .
She invites us to all her organisations .
She invites us to all her organizations .
She invites us to all her parties .
She invites us to all her third parties .
She invites us to all her war parties .
She invites us to all parties .
She is a doctor
She is a doctor and also an alpinist .
She is busy at present
She is busy at present and ca n't speak to you .
She is by no means selfish .
She is by no selfish .
She is getting worse
She is getting worse and worse every day .
She is late for work again
She is late for work again and is not afraid to lose her job .
She is living in some campong in India .
She is living in some kampong in India .
She is living in some kraal in India .
She is living in some pueblo in India .
She is living in some settlement in India .
She is living in some village in India .
She is now looking like mum
She is now looking like mum and not like her mum .
She is well known both in Japan
She is well known both in Japan and in America .
She is well known in both China .
She is well known in both India
She is well known in both India and China .
She is working night
She is working night and day .
She just ate sushi
She just ate sushi and drank beer .
She keeps complaining that she has no period .
She keeps complaining that she has no period of time .
She keeps complaining that she has no time .
She keeps complaining that she has no time period .
She keeps moaning that she has no period .
She keeps moaning that she has no period of time .
She keeps moaning that she has no time .
She keeps moaning that she has no time period .
She kissed her little daughter on the forehead , blessed her ,
She kissed her little daughter on the forehead , blessed her , and shortly after died .
She kissed me on the cheek
She kissed me on the cheek and said goodnight .
She kissed us on the cheek
She kissed us on the cheek and wished us a good night .
She knows better than to spend all her big buck on clothes .
She knows better than to spend all her big money on clothes .
She knows better than to spend all her bundle on clothes .
She knows better than to spend all her megabuck on clothes .
She knows better than to spend all her money on clothes .
She knows better than to spend all her pile on clothes .
She knows better than to spend all her wealth on clothes .
She knows better than to spend all money on clothes .
She knows she does not have any choices .
She knows she does not have any other Hobson's choices .
She knows she does not have any other choices .
She knows she does not have any other decidings .
She knows she does not have any other decision makings .
She knows she does not have any other default options .
She knows she does not have any other defaults .
She knows she does not have any other drutherss .
She knows she does not have any other impossibilities .
She knows she does not have any other impossible actions .
She knows she does not have any other obverses .
She knows she does not have any other openings .
She knows she does not have any other possibilities .
She knows she does not have any other possible actions .
She knows she does not have any other preferences .
She knows she does not have any other soft options .
She likes Hiroshima better than any city .
She likes Hiroshima better than any other city .
She likes Hiroshima better than any other municipality .
She likes me
She likes me and I like her too .
She likes strawberries
She likes strawberries and her sister likes apples .
She lives on vegetables
She lives on vegetables and brown rice .
She locked herself in the bathroom
She locked herself in the bathroom and howled .
She looked at a few dresses
She looked at a few dresses and picked the most expensive one .
She looked at me
She looked at me and said " Hi ! "
She loves me
She loves me ,
She loves me , and I love her .
She loves me and I love her , too .
She made all us .
She made coffee for all of metallic elements .
She made coffee for all of metals .
She made coffee for all of uranium 235s .
She made coffee for all of uranium 238s .
She made coffee for all of us .
She made no question .
She made no response to my proposal .
She made no response to my question .
She makes a point of remembering each birthdays .
She makes a point of remembering each one of our anniversaries .
She makes a point of remembering each one of our birthdays .
She makes a point of remembering each one of our days of remembrance .
She mixed the butter
She mixed the butter and sugar together .
She never forgave him the infidelity
She never forgave him the infidelity and held it over him every chance that she got .
She pays us every Friday .
She pays us something .
She performed her daily duties without any object .
She performed her daily duties without any passion .
She picked a flower from the pot
She picked a flower from the pot and gave it to me .
She planted some bed .
She planted some pansies in the flower bed .
She planted some pansies in the flower surface .
She put her arms around me
She put her arms around me and hugged me .
She put on her sister 's jeans
She put on her sister 's jeans and looked in the mirror .
She put the chain on the door
She put the chain on the door and opened it a crack .
She refused to play with it ,
She refused to play with it , and just sat and looked angry .
She removed her makeup
She removed her makeup and washed her face .
She said absolutely nothing ,
She said absolutely nothing , and yet I guessed it all .
She said that she had seen such
She said that she had seen such and such there .
She said that without me , life held no connotation .
She said that without me , life held no denotation .
She said that without me , life held no extension .
She said that without me , life held no idea .
She said that without me , life held no implication .
She said that without me , life held no import .
She said that without me , life held no meaning .
She said that without me , life held no reference .
She said that without me , life held no semantic .
She said that without me , life held no significance .
She said that without me , life held no strain .
She said that without me , life held no tenor .
She said that without me , life held no thought .
She said that without me , life held no undercurrent .
She said that without me , life held no undertone .
She seems to me a serious
She seems to me a serious and reliable person .
She shut an umbrella
She shut an umbrella and began to run .
She shut the book
She shut the book and closed her eyes .
She shut the door
She shut the door and went upstairs .
She sold her Opel
She sold her Opel and bought a BMW .
She sold her Volkswagen
She sold her Volkswagen and bought a Mercedes .
She speaks English ,
She speaks English , and French as well .
She speaks English better than any of her acquaintances .
She speaks English better than any of her classmates .
She speaks English better than any of her friends .
She speaks any classmates .
She spoke loud
She spoke loud and clear .
She stared at him
She stared at him and that made him very nervous .
She started crying
She started crying and I started crying too .
She stood on tip-toe
She stood on tip-toe and whispered something in his ear , and then went away .
She takes care of her brothers
She takes care of her brothers and sisters .
She tasted the food
She tasted the food and grimaced .
She taught me most know .
She taught me most of the things I know .
She thought that it would be interesting
She thought that it would be interesting and fun .
She threw her arms around her husband ’s neck
She threw her arms around her husband ’s neck and kissed him .
She told every body at work .
She told every body part at work .
She took a pencil
She took a pencil and began drawing on a piece of paper .
She took advantage of every audience .
She took advantage of every brass ring .
She took advantage of every clean slate .
She took advantage of every crack .
She took advantage of every day .
She took advantage of every fresh start .
She took advantage of every hearing .
She took advantage of every hunting ground .
She took advantage of every occasion .
She took advantage of every opening .
She took advantage of every opportunity .
She took advantage of every possibility .
She took advantage of every possiblenes .
She took advantage of every room .
She took advantage of every say .
She took advantage of every shot .
She took advantage of every street .
She took advantage of every tabula rasa .
She took advantage of every throw .
She took her lute
She took her lute and , without saying anything to anyone , she went forth into the wide world .
She took her pencil
She took her pencil and started to write .
She took her seat at the piano
She took her seat at the piano and began to play .
She took me under her wing
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows .
She took no drinking .
She took no pleasure in eating
She took no pleasure in eating or drinking .
She took no pleasure in eating or drinking bout .
She took no pleasure in eating or intemperance .
She took no pleasure in eating or intemperatenes .
She took out her knife
She took out her knife and sliced the tomato .
She took some bare bone from the plate .
She took some cognitive content from the plate .
She took some content from the plate .
She took some haecceity from the plate .
She took some hypostasi from the plate .
She took some meat from the plate .
She took some mental object from the plate .
She took some quiddity from the plate .
She took some quintessence from the plate .
She took some stuff from the plate .
She took the pen
She took the pen and wrote the address .
She tried to make both ends athletic .
She tried to make both ends athletic competition .
She tried to make both ends athletic contest .
She tried to make both ends gymkhana .
She tried to make both ends meet .
She tried to make both ends race meeting .
She tried to make both ends regattum .
She tried to make both ends swim meet .
She tried to make both ends swimming meet .
She tried to make both ends track meet .
She tried to make both meet .
She turned around
She turned around and scowled at me .
She turned burke all the lights at ten .
She turned kill all the lights at ten .
She turned off all lights at ten .
She turned off all the anchor lights at ten .
She turned off all the lights at ten .
She turned off all the riding lamps at ten .
She turned off all the riding lights at ten .
She turned off all the sources of illumination at ten .
She vacated the apartment a month ago
She vacated the apartment a month ago and left no address .
She vacated the apartment a month ago and left no forwarding address .
She vacated the apartment a month ago and left no forwarding stances .
She was always able to answer all questions .
She was always able to answer all the marriage offers .
She was always able to answer all the marriage proposals .
She was always able to answer all the proposals .
She was always able to answer all the proposals of marriage .
She was always able to answer all the questions .
She was awkward
She was awkward and reserved at parties .
She was different from most women in the neighborhood , for she was able to read
She was different from most women in the neighborhood , for she was able to read and write .
She was in a green coat
She was in a green coat and matching mini-skirt .
She was ready to give him back all his money .
She was ready to give him back all money .
She was so nervous she paced to
She was so nervous she paced to and fro in the waiting room .
She was there for the buses in Montgomery , the hoses in Birmingham , a bridge in Selma ,
She was there for the buses in Montgomery , the hoses in Birmingham , a bridge in Selma , and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that " We Shall Overcome . " Yes , we can .
She was un happy for all her big times .
She was un happy for all her pay dirts .
She was un happy for all her prosperities .
She was un happy for all her success .
She was un happy for all her successfulnesses .
She was un happy for all success .
She was young
She was young and innocent .
She washed the dishes
She washed the dishes and she dried them .
She went into the room
She went into the room and lay on the bed .
She went on hoping nonetheless because there was no interestingnesses from her husband .
She went on hoping nonetheless because there was no interests from her husband .
She went on hoping nonetheless because there was no news from her husband .
She went out on a limb defending him ,
She went out on a limb defending him , and now she has lost her job .
She wept all night .
She wept all the night .
She wept all the period .
She wept all the period of time .
She wept all the time period .
She works hard
She works hard and never complains .
She wrapped the gift in white tissue paper
She wrapped the gift in white tissue paper and put a big red bow on top .
She writes essays in addition to novels
She writes essays in addition to novels and poetry .
She writes to her son every now
She writes to her son every now and then .
She wrote him a friendly letter ,
She wrote him a friendly letter , and thanked him for his help .
Sheikh Osama~bin~Laden
Sheikh Osama~bin~Laden and Sheikh Ayman~al-Zawahri are the leaders of al~Qaeda .
Shocked by the events of September 11th , all world condemned the terrorists for their reprehensible deed .
Shocked by the events of September 11th , politicians all over the world condemned the terrorists for their reprehensible deed .
Should you run into trouble , I 'll help ,
Should you run into trouble , I 'll help , and so will my father .
Shugo is a colloquial way of referring to someone who can drink large quantities of alcohol
Shugo is a colloquial way of referring to someone who can drink large quantities of alcohol and additionally not feel the effects of intoxication .
Silence makes some audiences nervous .
Silence makes some followerss nervous .
Silence makes some followings nervous .
Silence makes some groupings nervous .
Silence makes some groups nervous .
Silence makes some laities nervous .
Silence makes some people nervous .
Silence makes some temporalties nervous .
Simeulue island is near the epicenter of the December 26 quake that caused a massive tsunami . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii said there was no coastlines , but quakes of this size can sometimes generate local tsunamis along coasts near the epicenter .
Simeulue island is near the epicenter of the December 26 quake that caused a massive tsunami . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii said there was no threat of a tsunami to Pacific coastlines , but quakes of this size can sometimes generate local tsunamis along coasts near the epicenter .
Simeulue island is near the epicenter of the December 26 quake that caused a massive tsunami . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii said there was no threat of a tsunami to Pacific lineations , but quakes of this size can sometimes generate local tsunamis along coasts near the epicenter .
Simeulue island is near the epicenter of the December 26 quake that caused a massive tsunami . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii said there was no threat of a tsunami to Pacific outlines , but quakes of this size can sometimes generate local tsunamis along coasts near the epicenter .
Since I was sick for a week , I am making every possible effort to catch up .
Since I was sick for a week , I am making every up .
Since Tom
Since Tom and Mary ca n't have children themselves , they have adopted a little girl .
Since it 's not the rainy season , there 's no need for an conjugation .
Since it 's not the rainy season , there 's no need for an jointure .
Since it 's not the rainy season , there 's no need for an umbrella .
Since it 's not the rainy season , there 's no need for an unification .
Since it 's not the rainy season , there 's no need for an union .
Since it 's not the rainy season , there 's no need for an uniting .
Since it 's not the rainy season , there 's no umbrella .
Since the train was crowded , I stood all Kyoto .
Since the train was crowded , I stood all the way to Kyoto .
Since the train was very crowded , I had to stand all the category to Ueno .
Since the train was very crowded , I had to stand all the way to Ueno .
Since the train was very crowded , I had to stand all way to Ueno .
Since then , they met up every afternoon at the pier , had breakfast together , had dinner , took walks
Since then , they met up every afternoon at the pier , had breakfast together , had dinner , took walks and admired the sea .
Since there are no buses on this agency , we will have to walk .
Since there are no buses on this mean , we will have to walk .
Since there are no buses on this road , we will have to walk .
Since there are no buses on this royal road , we will have to walk .
Since there are no buses on this way , we will have to walk .
Since there are no road , we will have to walk .
Since there was no bus , I had to walk .
Since there was no conductors , I had to walk .
Since there were no autoes , I had to walk .
Since there were no automobiles , I had to walk .
Since there were no buyers , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no cars , I had to walk .
Since there were no consumers , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no customers , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no disbursers , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no emptors , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no expenders , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no frequenters , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no guests , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no gypsy cabs , I had to walk .
Since there were no johns , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no machines , I had to walk .
Since there were no minicabs , I had to walk .
Since there were no motorcars , I had to walk .
Since there were no patrons , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no policyholders , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no purchasers , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no readers , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no shoppers , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no spenders , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no subscribers , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no takers , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no taxis , I had to walk .
Since there were no tricks , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no vendees , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no warrantees , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no whoremasters , we closed the shop early .
Since there were no whoremongers , we closed the shop early .
Since they had no children of their own , they decided to adopt a little girl .
Since they had no own , they decided to adopt a little girl .
Sir John Ramsey , Earl~of Holdernesse was born circa 1580 . He married , firstly , Elizabeth~Ratcliffe , daughter of Robert Ratcliffe , 5th Earl of Essex
Sir John Ramsey , Earl~of Holdernesse was born circa 1580 . He married , firstly , Elizabeth~Ratcliffe , daughter of Robert Ratcliffe , 5th Earl of Essex and Bridget Morrison , on 8 February 1607 / 8 .
Six~o'clock is when the big hand is on 12
Six~o'clock is when the big hand is on 12 and the small hand is on 6 .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane connecting flights .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane direct flights .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane domestic flights .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane flights .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane international flights .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane nonstop flights .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane nonstops .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane redeye flights .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane redeyes .
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane trips .
Smoking is now banned on all flights .
Smoking is prohibited in all city .
Smoking is prohibited in all restaurants in this city .
Smoking is prohibited in all restaurants in this municipality .
So , the assistant returned $ 1 to each individual .
So , the assistant returned $ 1 to each man .
So , the assistant returned $ 1 to each mortal .
So , the assistant returned $ 1 to each person .
So , the assistant returned $ 1 to each somebody .
So , the assistant returned $ 1 to each someone .
So , the assistant returned $ 1 to each soul .
So , we all have time , because with no example all of us live in the present moment , in the now .
So , we all have time , because with no exception all of us live in the present moment , in the now .
So , we all have time , because with no illustration all of us live in the present moment , in the now .
So , we all have time , because with no instance all of us live in the present moment , in the now .
So , we all have time , because with no representative all of us live in the present moment , in the now .
So far , nobody 's laughed at any of Tom 's jokes .
So far as I know , there is no such computer memory unit .
So far as I know , there is no such word .
So far as I know , there is no word .
So far the British have preferred a policy of a voluntary approach to restricting advertising
So far the British have preferred a policy of a voluntary approach to restricting advertising and high taxes on tobacco products .
So far there has been no interestingnesses .
So far there has been no interests .
So far there has been no news .
Social media have made us more densely networked than ever . Yet new research suggests that we have never been lonelier
Social media have made us more densely networked than ever . Yet new research suggests that we have never been lonelier and that this loneliness is making us mentally and physically ill .
Some Americans have grave debts .
Some Asian films are very difficult to understand .
Some Canadian territories have almost no audiences .
Some Canadian territories have almost no followerss .
Some Canadian territories have almost no followings .
Some Canadian territories have almost no groupings .
Some Canadian territories have almost no groups .
Some Canadian territories have almost no laities .
Some Canadian territories have almost no people .
Some Canadian territories have almost no temporalties .
Some Canadian territories have no people .
Some abators are allergic to wheat .
Some abecedariuss were also written by him .
Some abstract art is difficult to understand .
Some acrodonts , as tigers , eat meat .
Some animals , as tigers , eat beef .
Some animals , as tigers , eat boeuf .
Some animals , as tigers , eat food .
Some animals , as tigers , eat meat .
Some animals , as tigers , eat solid food .
Some audiences are difficult to please .
Some audiences say French is easy to learn .
Some audiences watched TV serials every evening .
Some beefcakes were printed in black and white .
Some beings , as tigers , eat meat .
Some birds are flying high in the fling .
Some birds are flying high in the lag .
Some birds are flying high in the sky .
Some brave passengers caught the pickpocket
Some brave passengers caught the pickpocket and turned him over to the police .
Some causal agencies are allergic to wheat .
Some causal agents are allergic to wheat .
Some causes are allergic to wheat .
Some children were playing frisbee near the fishpond .
Some children were playing frisbee near the lake .
Some children were playing frisbee near the pond .
Some commuters complained about the service .
Some dairy farmers play soothing music to their cows while they are being milked , because relaxed , contented cows give more milk .
Some groupings are difficult to please .
Some groupings say French is easy to learn .
Some groupings watched TV serials every evening .
Some groups are difficult to please .
Some groups say French is easy to learn .
Some groups watched TV serials every evening .
Some juvenile people were playing frisbee near the pond .
Some juveniles were playing frisbee near the pond .
Some linguists have remarked that in international communication English works best when there are no native speakers historical present .
Some linguists have remarked that in international communication English works best when there are no native speakers present .
Some linguists have remarked that in international communication English works best when there are no native speakers tense .
Some linguists have remarked that in international communication English works best when there are no present .
Some literary compositions were also written by him .
Some literary works were also written by him .
Some live in arid desert regions , some live in mountainous regions ,
Some live in arid desert regions , some live in mountainous regions , and others live in swamps .
Some live in arid desert regions , some live in mountainous regions , and some swamps .
Some meat are flying high in the sky .
Some of the balls are yellow .
Some of the big buck was stolen .
Some of the big money was stolen .
Some of the bundle was stolen .
Some of the dogs are alive .
Some of the dolls are too expensive to buy .
Some of the information is very important .
Some of the luggage has not arrived yet .
Some of the megabuck was stolen .
Some of the money was burglarised .
Some of the money was burglarized .
Some of the money was burgled .
Some of the money was heisted .
Some of the money was stolen .
Some of the money was taken .
Some of the most sociable people I know have friends both online
Some of the most sociable people I know have friends both online and off- .
Some of the pile was stolen .
Some of the roses in my garden are white ,
Some of the roses in my garden are white , and others are red .
Some of the wealth was stolen .
Some of them said yes ,
Some of them said yes , and the others said no .
Some organisms , as tigers , eat meat .
Some parts of this city are very ugly .
Some passengers complained about the consulting service .
Some passengers complained about the service .
Some passengers complained about the work .
Some people are allergic to bulghur .
Some people are allergic to bulgur .
Some people are allergic to bulgur wheat .
Some people are allergic to cereal .
Some people are allergic to food grain .
Some people are allergic to grain .
Some people are allergic to wheat .
Some people are difficult to delight .
Some people are difficult to enchant .
Some people are difficult to enrapture .
Some people are difficult to enthral .
Some people are difficult to enthrall .
Some people are difficult to gratify .
Some people are difficult to please .
Some people are difficult to ravish .
Some people are difficult to satisfy .
Some people are difficult to transport .
Some people believe in God
Some people believe in God and others do n't .
Some people caught rats
Some people caught rats and ate them .
Some people consider it a waste of time to study languages such as Klingon , Interlingua
Some people consider it a waste of time to study languages such as Klingon , Interlingua and Esperanto .
Some people quarrel for no at~all .
Some people quarrel for no reason at~all .
Some people say French is easy to alternate .
Some people say French is easy to hit the book .
Some people say French is easy to learn .
Some people say French is easy to study .
Some people say French is easy to understudy .
Some people watched TV serials every change surfacing .
Some people watched TV serials every evening .
Some people watched TV serials every grading .
Some photos were printed in black
Some photos were printed in black and aryan .
Some photos were printed in black and individual .
Some photos were printed in black and mortal .
Some photos were printed in black and person .
Some photos were printed in black and somebody .
Some photos were printed in black and someone .
Some photos were printed in black and soul .
Some photos were printed in black and white .
Some picaninnies were playing frisbee near the pond .
Some piccaninnies were playing frisbee near the pond .
Some pickaninnies were playing frisbee near the pond .
Some poems were also written by boy wonder .
Some poems were also written by him .
Some poems were also written by individual .
Some poems were also written by mortal .
Some poems were also written by person .
Some poems were also written by somebody .
Some poems were also written by someone .
Some poems were also written by soul .
Some poultries are flying high in the sky .
Some representations were printed in black and white .
Some say that every hour in bed before midnight is worth two hours after midnight .
Some say that every hour in bed before midnight some midnight .
Some say that every midnight is worth two hours after midnight .
Some stolen art is recovered through offered rewards .
Some students were sitting on the bench
Some students were sitting on the bench and having lunch .
Some think that a belief in Santa~Claus is on a par with belief in God .
Some think that a belief in Santa~Claus is on something .
Some travelers complained about the service .
Some travellers complained about the service .
Some well-meaning people think that those who are depressed should just pull their socks up
Some well-meaning people think that those who are depressed should just pull their socks up and get on with life .
Some years ago , learning that one had tuberculosis amounted to hearing a sentence of death .
Someday , you 'll wake up
Someday , you 'll wake up and find yourself dead .
Someday the USA will elect a woman president ,
Someday the USA will elect a woman president , and it wo n't be pretty .
Someone broke into my house
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all money .
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my big buck .
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my big money .
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my bundle .
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my megabuck .
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my money .
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my pile .
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my wealth .
Someone broke the lock
Someone broke the lock and stole my bike .
Someone had definitely spiked Tom 's drink , because he could no longer stand up
Someone had definitely spiked Tom 's drink , because he could no longer stand up and the next morning he could remember nothing .
Someone has stolen all money .
Someone has stolen all my big buck .
Someone has stolen all my big money .
Someone has stolen all my bundle .
Someone has stolen all my megabuck .
Someone has stolen all my money .
Someone has stolen all my pile .
Someone has stolen all my wealth .
Someone is definitely watching out for me
Someone is definitely watching out for me and I feel very blessed !
Someone needs to save him ,
Someone needs to save him , or he 'll drown .
Someone who does n't drink in company is either a thief
Someone who does n't drink in company is either a thief or a spy .
Something green
Something green and slimy was on the rock .
Sometimes I 'm right
Sometimes I 'm right and sometimes I 'm wrong .
Sometimes I walk home from work
Sometimes I walk home from work and sometimes I cycle , because I live close to where I work .
Sometimes I wonder if this world is just in someone 's head ,
Sometimes I wonder if this world is just in someone 's head , and he dreams us all into existence . Perhaps it 's even me .
Sometimes they go by bus ,
Sometimes they go by bus , and sometimes by car .
Soon after , Tom met a young woman named Mary . They married
Soon after , Tom met a young woman named Mary . They married and decided to start a family .
Soon after the end of World~War~1 , people never thought such a hateful
Soon after the end of World~War~1 , people never thought such a hateful and cruel war would break out again .
Sorry , the owner of the number you called has lost control of his life
Sorry , the owner of the number you called has lost control of his life and is unable to talk to you at the moment . Please harass him at another time . Thank you .
Sound knowledge of computer systems
Sound knowledge of computer systems and programming languages is integral to Tom 's job .
Sound needs matter to propagate through , however cosmic noise
Sound needs matter to propagate through , however cosmic noise or electromagnetic waves do n't .
South Tyrol is one of the wealthiest regions in Italy
South Tyrol is one of the wealthiest regions in Italy and in Europe .
Speak now ,
Speak now , or forever be silent .
Speak of the devil
Speak of the devil and he is sure to appear .
Speakers include Ken~Takeuchi , president of Jan~Jan , Shintaro~Tabata , head of news service at Japan 's Livedoor , Professor Clyde~Bentley from the University~of~Missouri
Speakers include Ken~Takeuchi , president of Jan~Jan , Shintaro~Tabata , head of news service at Japan 's Livedoor , Professor Clyde~Bentley from the University~of~Missouri and My~Missourian .
Spenser 's sarcastic
Spenser 's sarcastic and joking remarks are often misinterpreted as signs of ambivalence and often taken too seriously .
Spiders , scorpions ,
Spiders , scorpions , and ticks are arachnids .
Sport knows no borders .
Sport knows no edges .
Spring comes between winter
Spring comes between winter and summer .
Spring has passed
Spring has passed and summer starts .
Spring is over
Spring is over and summer has come .
Squirrels eat seeds
Squirrels eat seeds and nuts , as well as insects and mushrooms .
St.~Louis , MO is famous for the Gateway Arch
St.~Louis , MO is famous for the Gateway Arch and the Anheuser-Busch Brewery .
Start right now ,
Start right now , and you 'll catch up with them .
Starts are never the same on Sydney Harbour . There are literally thousands of spectator craft , fickle winds , local eddies
Starts are never the same on Sydney Harbour . There are literally thousands of spectator craft , fickle winds , local eddies and choppy water .
Step away from the car
Step away from the car and put your hands on your head .
Stop ,
Stop , or I 'll shoot .
Stop beating around the bush
Stop beating around the bush and answer my question !
Stop beating around the bush and get to the point .
Stop being lazy
Stop being lazy and find something to do .
Stop wasting time
Stop wasting time and get back to work .
Stop watching TV
Stop watching TV and start studying !
Stop worrying and get some physical condition .
Stop worrying and get some physiological condition .
Stop worrying and get some physiological state .
Stop worrying and get some sleep .
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China , Japan
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China , Japan and in every land of the part .
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China , Japan and in every land of the piece .
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China , Japan and in every land of the world .
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China , Japan and in every world .
Strong support was given to water conservation , recycling
Strong support was given to water conservation , recycling and demand reduction options , while storage augmentation ( dam building ) was rejected on the grounds that there would not be sufficient water to fill any new dams .
Strong-willed kids need clear boundaries
Strong-willed kids need clear boundaries and positive role models .
Such poets as Toson
Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare .
Suddenly , the unicorn approached to me majestically , touched me with its horn
Suddenly , the unicorn approached to me majestically , touched me with its horn and ... I woke up with this mark .
Suicide is an act of revenge against yourself ,
Suicide is an act of revenge against yourself , and I personally have nothing against myself .
Summer vacation always equals idleness
Summer vacation always equals idleness and relaxation .
Susie does n't speak Japanese ,
Susie does n't speak Japanese , and Tom does n't either .
Sustainable forestry
Sustainable forestry and development techniques are being employed .
Switzerland has ratified bilateral agreements with the members of the European~Union in March 2004 , but the new members ( Cyprus , Czech~Republic , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Malta , Poland , Slovakia
Switzerland has ratified bilateral agreements with the members of the European~Union in March 2004 , but the new members ( Cyprus , Czech~Republic , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Malta , Poland , Slovakia and Slovenia ) were not included in the deal .
Taiwan 's former president Lee Teng-hui , the spiritual leader of the pro-independence TSU ,
Taiwan 's former president Lee Teng-hui , the spiritual leader of the pro-independence TSU , and Premier Frank~Hsieh , a member of the Democratic Progressive Party , are also taking part in the march .
Taiwan was far from being any 1950s .
Taiwan was far from being any kind of economic miracle in the 1950s .
Taiwan was far from being any kind of economic miracle in the decades .
Taiwan was far from being any kind of economic miracle in the decennaries .
Taiwan was far from being any kind of economic miracle in the decenniums .
Take an axe ,
Take an axe , and cut off the head of the calf with one blow . With a second , split its head in two , and in its brain you will see a bright red ball . Bring that to me .
Taking no notice of the people around them , the boys talked loudly to each~other .
Taking no them , the boys talked loudly to each~other .
Taninna goes to the library
Taninna goes to the library and studies every day .
Taro 's
Taro 's and Hanako 's desk is small .
Tatoeba is currently unavailable . We are sorry for the inconvenience . You can check our blog
Tatoeba is currently unavailable . We are sorry for the inconvenience . You can check our blog or Twitter for more information .
Tatoeba is the website I recommend to other translators , colleagues
Tatoeba is the website I recommend to other translators , colleagues and language students .
Technically , drugs that cause miosis can relieve the PNS effects of those causing mydriasis since sympathetic
Technically , drugs that cause miosis can relieve the PNS effects of those causing mydriasis since sympathetic and parasympathetic stimulation tend to negate each~others ' effects .
Techwood~Homes was demolished in 1995 before the 1996 Summer~Olympics . It
Techwood~Homes was demolished in 1995 before the 1996 Summer~Olympics . It and neighboring Clark~Howell~Homes are now a mixed-use area called Centennial~Place .
Tell the truth
Tell the truth and shame the devil .
Terms were signed between Japan , Germany , Great~Britain
Terms were signed between Japan , Germany , Great~Britain and the United~States .
Thanks to each
Thanks to each and every one of you for your friendship and support .
Thanks to you , I spent all money .
Thanks to you , I spent all my big buck .
Thanks to you , I spent all my big money .
Thanks to you , I spent all my bundle .
Thanks to you , I spent all my megabuck .
Thanks to you , I spent all my money .
Thanks to you , I spent all my pile .
Thanks to you , I spent all my wealth .
That 's all I 'm thinking about .
That 's because there were n't any large carnivores in New~Guinea .
That 's because there were n't somewhere .
That actor is both handsome
That actor is both handsome and skillful .
That box is too small to hold all these changes .
That box is too small to hold all these crackerjacks .
That box is too small to hold all these entities .
That box is too small to hold all these fresheners .
That box is too small to hold all these horrors .
That box is too small to hold all these jimdandies .
That box is too small to hold all these jimhickeys .
That box is too small to hold all these pacifiers .
That box is too small to hold all these security blankets .
That box is too small to hold all these stinkers .
That box is too small to hold all these things .
That box is too small to hold all these whackers .
That box is too small to hold all these whoppers .
That box is too small to hold all things .
That boy showed no affright .
That boy showed no alarm .
That boy showed no apprehension .
That boy showed no apprehensivenes .
That boy showed no chill .
That boy showed no consternation .
That boy showed no creep .
That boy showed no dismay .
That boy showed no dread .
That boy showed no emotion .
That boy showed no fear .
That boy showed no frisson .
That boy showed no horror .
That boy showed no hysterium .
That boy showed no intimidation .
That boy showed no panic .
That boy showed no panic attack .
That boy showed no quiver .
That boy showed no scare .
That boy showed no shiver .
That boy showed no shudder .
That boy showed no stage fright .
That boy showed no terror .
That boy showed no thrill .
That boy showed no timidity .
That boy showed no timidnes .
That boy showed no timorousnes .
That boy showed no tingle .
That building has no emergency death .
That building has no emergency decease .
That building has no emergency exit .
That building has no emergency expiry .
That building has no exit .
That chapel was built by the Spaniards some centuries ago .
That chapel was built by the Spaniards some large integers ago .
That child is sick
That child is sick and has been in the hospital since last Sunday .
That class has 15 boys
That class has 15 boys and 28 girls .
That day was a Sunday , so there was no period .
That day was a Sunday , so there was no period of time .
That day was a Sunday , so there was no school .
That day was a Sunday , so there was no time period .
That diamond ring cost an arm
That diamond ring cost an arm and a leg .
That dispute has been settled once
That dispute has been settled once and for all .
That girl knows German
That girl knows German and English .
That girl smiled
That girl smiled and waved to me .
That guy 's really lazy . Every time that I go into his office , he 's not there .
That guy 's really lazy . Every time that I go into his staff , he 's not there .
That guy 's really lazy . every office , he 's not there .
That hut is crawling with lizards
That hut is crawling with lizards and insects .
That is no business of yours .
That is no yours .
That is to say , a language is something that we learn
That is to say , a language is something that we learn and are taught , not something that we know by instinct .
That makes no appreciation at~all .
That makes no grasp at~all .
That makes no hold at~all .
That makes no sense at~all .
That never made any appreciation to me .
That never made any grasp to me .
That never made any hold to me .
That never made any sense to me .
That politician is by no desperate measures honest .
That politician is by no dints honest .
That politician is by no effectuations honest .
That politician is by no escapes honest .
That politician is by no expedients honest .
That politician is by no fast tracks honest .
That politician is by no implementations honest .
That politician is by no instruments honest .
That politician is by no means honest .
That politician is by no open sesames honest .
That politician is by no roads honest .
That politician is by no salvations honest .
That politician is by no stepping stones honest .
That politician is by no teeth honest .
That politician is by no tools honest .
That politician is by no voices honest .
That politician is by no wingss honest .
That report was important because it pointed out all made .
That report was important because it pointed out all the errors the committee had made .
That was then
That was then and this is now .
That woman tricked me
That woman tricked me and stole my money .
The 10-men team is expected to arrive at the foot of the mountain in the end of April
The 10-men team is expected to arrive at the foot of the mountain in the end of April and began their journey to the 8,586-meter peak in early May .
The 1950s are characterized through a cold~war between east
The 1950s are characterized through a cold~war between east and west .
The 1960s were years of protest
The 1960s were years of protest and reform .
The Allies wasted no period .
The Allies wasted no period of time .
The Allies wasted no time .
The Allies wasted no time period .
The Astronomical Unit ( AU ) is defined as the average distance between the Earth
The Astronomical Unit ( AU ) is defined as the average distance between the Earth and the Sun . It is approximately 150~million km ( 93~million miles ) .
The British Arms embargo began in 1982
The British Arms embargo began in 1982 and continued through 1994 .
The British Labour party had long supported demands by Scotland
The British Labour party had long supported demands by Scotland and Wales for independent assemblies .
The British ambassador to Egypt , Derek Plumbly , told Reuters on Monday that authorities had compiled the list of 10 based on lists from tour companies
The British ambassador to Egypt , Derek Plumbly , told Reuters on Monday that authorities had compiled the list of 10 based on lists from tour companies and from families whose relatives have not been in contact since the bombings .
The Canadian parliament 's Ethics Commission said former immigration minister , Judy Sgro , did nothing wrong
The Canadian parliament 's Ethics Commission said former immigration minister , Judy Sgro , did nothing wrong and her staff had put her into a conflict of interest .
The Cassini Spacecraft has taken images from July 22 , 2006 that show rivers
The Cassini Spacecraft has taken images from July 22 , 2006 that show rivers and lakes present on Saturn 's moon Titan .
The City~Council recently budgeted $ 7,300 to pay for training Officer Ron Inman
The City~Council recently budgeted $ 7,300 to pay for training Officer Ron Inman and his dog Waldo .
The Cold~War led to increased international broadcasting , as Communist
The Cold~War led to increased international broadcasting , as Communist and non-Communist states attempted to influence each~other 's domestic population .
The Dead~Sea lives : it attracts all world .
The Dead~Sea lives : it attracts tourists from all corners of the concern .
The Dead~Sea lives : it attracts tourists from all corners of the world .
The Disneyland of Europe is located 20 miles east of Paris . Euro Disney is a huge complex with hotels , restaurants , shops
The Disneyland of Europe is located 20 miles east of Paris . Euro Disney is a huge complex with hotels , restaurants , shops and a nearby golf course apart from the actual theme park . It provides a much better experience than its American cousin thanks to the marvels of modern engineering .
The EU enlargement to 25 countries took place on 1 May 2004 when 10 of the 12 candidates joined . Bulgaria
The EU enlargement to 25 countries took place on 1 May 2004 when 10 of the 12 candidates joined . Bulgaria and Romania followed on 1 January 2007 .
The Ebro~Delta ( delta de l' Ebro ) is the largest humid zone in Catalonia . It is the second most important natural aquatic habitat in Spain after the Doana National~Park . The Delta is of international importance for its plant species
The Ebro~Delta ( delta de l' Ebro ) is the largest humid zone in Catalonia . It is the second most important natural aquatic habitat in Spain after the Doana National~Park . The Delta is of international importance for its plant species and its fauna .
The English~Channel separates England
The English~Channel separates England and France .
The European~Union has 23 official languages , theoretically with the same rights , but in practice only 3 working languages : English , French
The European~Union has 23 official languages , theoretically with the same rights , but in practice only 3 working languages : English , French and German .
The Ford~Motor~Company filed a lawsuit against Selden
The Ford~Motor~Company filed a lawsuit against Selden and EVC.
The French are a really strange people : every other person who reads this sentence will check if the space before the colon is really thin
The French are a really strange people : every other person who reads this sentence will check if the space before the colon is really thin and non-breaking .
The French are a really strange people : every sentence will check if the space before the colon is really thin and non-breaking .
The German team lost
The German team lost and now I am sad .
The Hubble is a scientific workhorse in the prime of its life . It is also the privileged photographer of the universe . Whether the images are of solar systems at birth , galaxies colliding ,
The Hubble is a scientific workhorse in the prime of its life . It is also the privileged photographer of the universe . Whether the images are of solar systems at birth , galaxies colliding , or the death throes of a star in supernova , Hubble 's photos reveal both the ferocity
The Hubble is a scientific workhorse in the prime of its life . It is also the privileged photographer of the universe . Whether the images are of solar systems at birth , galaxies colliding , or the death throes of a star in supernova , Hubble 's photos reveal both the ferocity and tranquillity of our universe .
The IOC meeting will also review reports submitted by the organizing committees of the 1998 Winter~Olympic Games in Nagano , Japan ; the 2000 Summer~Olympic Games in Sydney , Australia
The IOC meeting will also review reports submitted by the organizing committees of the 1998 Winter~Olympic Games in Nagano , Japan ; the 2000 Summer~Olympic Games in Sydney , Australia and the 2002 Winter~Olympic Games in the Salt~Lake~City , the United~States , respectively .
The Indian flag is called the tricolour because it has stripes of three colours – saffron , white
The Indian flag is called the tricolour because it has stripes of three colours – saffron , white and green .
The Indonesian government is very unhappy at reports that Australian diplomats have been tapping their telephone calls , cables
The Indonesian government is very unhappy at reports that Australian diplomats have been tapping their telephone calls , cables and other communications .
The King of the East had a beautiful garden ,
The King of the East had a beautiful garden , and in the garden stood a tree that bore golden apples .
The Mississippi~River is deep
The Mississippi~River is deep and wide .
The Mozart segment , for instance , takes an unsentimental view of the composer 's popular success
The Mozart segment , for instance , takes an unsentimental view of the composer 's popular success and subsequent decline , and relates it with a few swift strokes to the cultural politics of imperial Vienna .
The Netherlands ' vaunted drug policies - legalizing the public sale of cannabis products in the now-famous coffee shops
The Netherlands ' vaunted drug policies - legalizing the public sale of cannabis products in the now-famous coffee shops and adopting a generally lenient attitude toward drug use - have turned the country into the narcotics capital of western Europe .
The Normandy landings took place on 6th June 1944 , but the Germans even then thought that the ‘real ' Allied invasion of Europe would take place in the Pas de Calais
The Normandy landings took place on 6th June 1944 , but the Germans even then thought that the ‘real ' Allied invasion of Europe would take place in the Pas de Calais or the Low Countries .
The Norwegian Nobel~Committee is responsible for the selection of the candidates
The Norwegian Nobel~Committee is responsible for the selection of the candidates and the choice of Prize Winners for the Peace Prize . The Committee is composed of five members appointed by the Storting ( Norwegian parliament ) . The Peace Prize is awarded in Oslo , Norway and not in Stockholm , Sweden like the other Nobel Prizes .
The Order of the Solar Temple lost 69 members in mass suicides in Switzerland , Canada
The Order of the Solar Temple lost 69 members in mass suicides in Switzerland , Canada and France between 1994 and 1995 , according to the prosecutor 's office .
The Persian~Gulf is located between Iran ( Persia )
The Persian~Gulf is located between Iran ( Persia ) and the Arabian~Peninsula .
The Pet passport alone can be used to enter the UK , but it will not suffice to enter many countries . For instance Guatemala , like almost every country , demands that all imported pets have a rabies vaccination , but will not accept the Pet passport as proof of said vaccination .
The Pet passport alone can be used to enter the UK , but it will not suffice to enter many countries . For instance Guatemala , like almost every country , demands that all pets have a rabies vaccination , but will not accept the Pet passport as proof of said vaccination .
The Pet passport alone can be used to enter the UK , but it will not suffice to enter many countries . For instance Guatemala , like almost every of said vaccination .
The Prime Minister of Spain Zapatero visited Brazil , Argentina , Chile
The Prime Minister of Spain Zapatero visited Brazil , Argentina , Chile and Uruguay recently , in a effort to build a left axis in South~America . The cited countries ' South American Presidents agreed to collaborate at international level , particularly in the United~Nations , European~Union and with Paris , Berlin and Madrid .
The Qin ( from which the name China is derived ) established the approximate boundaries
The Qin ( from which the name China is derived ) established the approximate boundaries and basic administrative system that all subsequent dynasties were to follow .
The Qin Shi Huang Mausoleum is the tomb of Emperor Qin Shi Huang , the first emperor of the Qin Dynasty ( 221BC-207BC )
The Qin Shi Huang Mausoleum is the tomb of Emperor Qin Shi Huang , the first emperor of the Qin Dynasty ( 221BC-207BC ) and also of China .
The Rhine flows between France
The Rhine flows between France and Germany .
The Rhine is the boundary between France
The Rhine is the boundary between France and Germany .
The Rhine runs between France
The Rhine runs between France and Germany .
The Shoemaker-Levy comet was discovered by Shoemaker , his wife , Carolyn ,
The Shoemaker-Levy comet was discovered by Shoemaker , his wife , Carolyn , and an astronomer David H. Levy .
The Shoemaker-Levy comet was discovered by Shoemaker , his wife , Carolyn , and an astronomer David~H.~Levy .
The Snow Queen kissed Kay again ,
The Snow Queen kissed Kay again , and he entirely forgot all all at home .
The Snow Queen kissed Kay again , and he entirely forgot little Gerda , her grandmother , and all at home .
The Solar System has four terrestrial
The Solar System has four terrestrial or telluric planets : Mercury , Venus , Earth ,
The Solar System has four terrestrial or telluric planets : Mercury , Venus , Earth , and Mars .
The Titanic 's sinking after hitting an iceberg on April 14 , 1912 , may have taken the greatest toll on the third-class passengers , but the tragedy did not spare those in the first
The Titanic 's sinking after hitting an iceberg on April 14 , 1912 , may have taken the greatest toll on the third-class passengers , but the tragedy did not spare those in the first and second classes .
The Tsar , the guests , the servants , even the gray cat sitting in the corner , all were amazed
The Tsar , the guests , the servants , even the gray cat sitting in the corner , all were amazed and wondered at the beautiful Vasilissa .
The U.S. government has three branches : the executive , the legislative ,
The U.S. government has three branches : the executive , the legislative , and the judicial .
The USOC decided last year not to pursue a 2008 candidacy , saying it had little chance of winning so soon after summer games in Atlanta in 1996
The USOC decided last year not to pursue a 2008 candidacy , saying it had little chance of winning so soon after summer games in Atlanta in 1996 and winter games in Salt~Lake~City in 2002 .
The United~Kingdom is comprised of England , Scotland , Wales ,
The United~Kingdom is comprised of England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland .
The United~States is engaged in extensive international efforts on climate , both through multilateral
The United~States is engaged in extensive international efforts on climate , both through multilateral and bilateral activities .
The VW chief has been under intense pressure from the Bonn government
The VW chief has been under intense pressure from the Bonn government and colleagues in German industry to seek conciliation following his outspoken statements last , which were widely seen as damaging Germany 's reputation .
The Welsh government has delayed any changes .
The Welsh government has delayed any legislation regarding proposed changes .
The Welsh government has delayed any legislation regarding proposed differences .
The World~Court has no orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic weight .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its askings but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic weight .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic apothecaries' unit .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic apothecaries' weight .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic arroba .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic cattie .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic catty .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic crith .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic frail .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic last .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic maund .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic obolu .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic oka .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic picul .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic pood .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic rotl .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic tael .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic tod .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic troy unit .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic unit .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic unit of measurement .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic weight .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic welterweight .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some weight .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its requests but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic weight .
The World~Court has no power to enforce its short orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic weight .
The World~Health Organization says alcohol abuse is the third leading cause of death
The World~Health Organization says alcohol abuse is the third leading cause of death and disability in the world .
The accident cost some audiences their lives .
The accident cost some followerss their lives .
The accident cost some followings their lives .
The accident cost some groupings their lives .
The accident cost some groups their lives .
The accident cost some laities their lives .
The accident cost some people their lives .
The accident cost some temporalties their lives .
The alarm went off
The alarm went off and a red light started flashing .
The alien shot his ray gun
The alien shot his ray gun and blasted a hole in the spaceship 's hull .
The army is protecting the border between France
The army is protecting the border between France and Spain .
The asteroid injured over a thousand people
The asteroid injured over a thousand people and broke many windows .
The average of 3 , 4
The average of 3 , 4 and 5 is 4 .
The baby cried on
The baby cried on and off all night .
The baby did nothing but cry all last night .
The baby did nothing but cry all night .
The baby was sleeping all day long .
The baby was sleeping all sidereal time long .
The baby was sleeping all time unit long .
The baby was sleeping all unit of time long .
The bag was big ,
The bag was big , and moreover , it was heavy .
The bank opens at 9~a.m.
The bank opens at 9~a.m. and closes at 3~p.m.
The bath was not hot enough
The bath was not hot enough and I was unable to enjoy it .
The bell rang
The bell rang ,
The bell rang , and the train began to move .
The bell rang and the train moved off .
The best-known compositions by Franz Liszt are his nineteen Hungarian Rhapsodies , but he also created beautiful sonatas , symphonies , concerti , songs ,
The best-known compositions by Franz Liszt are his nineteen Hungarian Rhapsodies , but he also created beautiful sonatas , symphonies , concerti , songs , and religious compositions .
The best-known compositions by Franz~Liszt are his nineteen Hungarian Rhapsodies , but he also created beautiful sonatas , symphonies , concerti , Lieder ,
The best-known compositions by Franz~Liszt are his nineteen Hungarian Rhapsodies , but he also created beautiful sonatas , symphonies , concerti , Lieder , and religious compositions .
The bird picked up the twig with its beak
The bird picked up the twig with its beak and flew to its nest .
The boat sunk
The boat sunk and everyone died .
The book is on sale throughout France , Belgium , French-speaking Switzerland
The book is on sale throughout France , Belgium , French-speaking Switzerland and Quebec .
The border dispute between Chad
The border dispute between Chad and Libya was ruled in Chad 's favour .
The boss called Jim into his office
The boss called Jim into his office and gave him his pink slip .
The boy caressed the girl 's chin
The boy caressed the girl 's chin and kissed her cheek .
The boy cried " Wolf , wolf ! "
The boy cried " Wolf , wolf ! " and the villagers came out to help him .
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box .
The boy has four rabbits , two male
The boy has four rabbits , two male and two female ones .
The boy put on his athletic shoes
The boy put on his athletic shoes and ran outside .
The boy stroked the girl on the chin
The boy stroked the girl on the chin and kissed her on the cheeks .
The boy took off his clothes
The boy took off his clothes and put on his pajamas .
The brave knight steps forward
The brave knight steps forward and kisses the lady on the hand .
The bridge between Denmark
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five miles long .
The bus stopped
The bus stopped and Tom got off .
The butler announced Mr.
The butler announced Mr. and Mrs. Smith .
The cabin had no electricity .
The cabin had no water
The cabin had no water or current electricity .
The cabin had no water or dynamic electricity .
The cabin had no water or electricity .
The cabin had no water or galvanism .
The cabin had no water or hydroelectricity .
The cabin had no water or photoelectricity .
The cabin had no water or physical phenomenon .
The cabin had no water or piezo effect .
The cabin had no water or piezoelectric effect .
The cabin had no water or piezoelectricity .
The cabin had no water or static electricity .
The cabin had no water or thermoelectricity .
The came with kit
The came with kit and caboodle .
The campaign succeeded
The campaign succeeded and he won the election .
The campaign succeeded and she won the election .
The candle flickered a few times
The candle flickered a few times and then went out .
The captain assured us that there would be no chance .
The captain assured us that there would be no crapshoot .
The captain assured us that there would be no danger .
The captain assured us that there would be no gamble .
The captain assured us that there would be no venture .
The castle has been restored
The castle has been restored and is open to the public .
The cat arched its back
The cat arched its back and stretched itself .
The cat meant no birth trauma .
The cat meant no bite .
The cat meant no blast trauma .
The cat meant no bleeding .
The cat meant no blunt trauma .
The cat meant no brain damage .
The cat meant no break .
The cat meant no bruise .
The cat meant no bump .
The cat meant no burn .
The cat meant no contusion .
The cat meant no cryopathy .
The cat meant no dislocation .
The cat meant no electric shock .
The cat meant no fracture .
The cat meant no frostbite .
The cat meant no haemorrhage .
The cat meant no harm .
The cat meant no health problem .
The cat meant no hemorrhage .
The cat meant no ill health .
The cat meant no insect bite .
The cat meant no intravasation .
The cat meant no lesion .
The cat meant no penetrating injury .
The cat meant no penetrating trauma .
The cat meant no pinch .
The cat meant no pull .
The cat meant no rupture .
The cat meant no sting .
The cat meant no strain .
The cat meant no twist .
The cat meant no unhealthines .
The cat meant no wale .
The cat meant no weal .
The cat meant no welt .
The cat meant no wheal .
The cat meant no whiplash .
The cat meant no whiplash injury .
The cat meant no wound .
The cat meant no wrench .
The chair was too high ,
The chair was too high , and I found myself with my legs hanging in the air .
The chances of success are greater if the business man knows the ropes ,
The chances of success are greater if the business man knows the ropes , and also has more funds at his disposal .
The chaotic development that is gobbling up the Amazon rain~forest could finally be reined in with a new plan developed by officials of Amazon countries
The chaotic development that is gobbling up the Amazon rain~forest could finally be reined in with a new plan developed by officials of Amazon countries and leading scientists from around the world .
The chapters voluntarily transferred their right of electing the bishop to Emperor Charles~V ,
The chapters voluntarily transferred their right of electing the bishop to Emperor Charles~V , and Pope Clement~VII gave his consent to these proceedings .
The child received piano
The child received piano and singing lessons .
The child who ate all cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this Boston cream pie must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this Eccles cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this Victoria sandwich must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this Victoria sponge must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this applesauce cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this baba must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this baked good must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this battercake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this birthday cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this biscuit must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this bridecake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this cheesecake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this chiffon cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this chocolate cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this coconut cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this coffee cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this coffeecake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this cookie must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this cooky must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this crumb cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this crumpet must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this cupcake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this flannel cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this flannel-cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this flapcake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this flapjack must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this friedcake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this fruitcake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this gateau must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this genoise must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this gingerbread must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this griddlecake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this honey cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this hot cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this hotcake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this jumbal must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this jumble must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this layer cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this marble cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this pancake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this petit fmy must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this pound cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this prune cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this rock cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this savarin must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this seed cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this seedcake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this skillet cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this spice cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this sponge cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this teacake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this torte must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this upside-down cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this waffle must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this wedding cake must be very fat .
The child who ate almost all this white cake must be very fat .
The children started bouncing up
The children started bouncing up and down on the couch .
The church is between my house
The church is between my house and yours .
The city library underwent extensive renovations
The city library underwent extensive renovations and can now accommodate twice as many books as before .
The clinic allowed only two visitors per patient at any one period .
The clinic allowed only two visitors per patient at any one period of time .
The clinic allowed only two visitors per patient at any one time .
The clinic allowed only two visitors per patient at any one time period .
The clinic allowed only two visitors per patient at any time .
The coach gave him some advice .
The coach gave him some good advice .
The colonial history of Sierra~Leone was not placid . The indigenous peoples mounted several unsuccessful revolts against British rule
The colonial history of Sierra~Leone was not placid . The indigenous peoples mounted several unsuccessful revolts against British rule and Krio domination . However , most colony was peaceful , and independence was achieved without violence .
The colonial history of Sierra~Leone was not placid . The indigenous peoples mounted several unsuccessful revolts against British rule and Krio domination . However , most of the 20th century history of the colony was peaceful , and independence was achieved without violence .
The colors of the sea
The colors of the sea and the sky blend into each~other .
The company went public
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990 .
The computer repair took all day .
The computer repair took all sidereal time .
The computer repair took all time unit .
The computer repair took all unit of time .
The constant border wars between England
The constant border wars between England and Scotland came to an end .
The country is isolated economically
The country is isolated economically and politically .
The couple was quarrelling
The couple was quarrelling and Chris knocked Beth down .
The cow moos , the rooster crows , the pig oinks , the duck quacks ,
The cow moos , the rooster crows , the pig oinks , the duck quacks , and the cat meows .
The cows looked big
The cows looked big and docile .
The crescent moon
The crescent moon and star is a symbol of Islam .
The crowd is growing larger
The crowd is growing larger and larger .
The crowd whistled
The crowd whistled and applauded at President Obama 's speech .
The day is short
The day is short and there 's a lot of work .
The day is short and there is much work .
The day will come when there will be no antagonism .
The day will come when there will be no enmity .
The day will come when there will be no hostility .
The day will come when there will be no proxy war .
The day will come when there will be no war .
The dead are gone
The dead are gone and they can not defend themselves . The best thing to do is to leave them in peace !
The death of much-loved TV anchorman Vladislav~Listyev the previous year had already established that fame was no hired guns .
The death of much-loved TV anchorman Vladislav~Listyev the previous year had already established that fame was no protection from the hired guns .
The death~penalty is final
The death~penalty is final and irreversible .
The defendant has no convictions .
The defendant has no prior convictions .
The defendant has no prior final decisions .
The defendant has no prior final judgments .
The defendant has no prior murder convictions .
The defendant has no prior rape convictions .
The defendant has no prior robbery convictions .
The defense attorney jumped to his feet
The defense attorney jumped to his feet and shouted " Objection ! "
The devil destroyed Hiroshima
The devil destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
The devil may be a squirrel , but all squirrels are the devil .
The devil may be a squirrel , but not all squirrels are the devil .
The difficulty of a task is no nothing .
The difficulty of a task is no reason for complacency
The difficulty of a task is no reason for complacency and doing Fanny Adam .
The difficulty of a task is no reason for complacency and doing bugger all .
The difficulty of a task is no reason for complacency and doing fuck all .
The difficulty of a task is no reason for complacency and doing nihil .
The difficulty of a task is no reason for complacency and doing nothing .
The difficulty of a task is no reason for complacency and doing relative quantity .
The difficulty of a task is no reason for complacency and doing sweet Fanny Adam .
The discovery of inadequate infection control protocols in several dental clinics has given rise to fears that patients may have been infected with HIV
The discovery of inadequate infection control protocols in several dental clinics has given rise to fears that patients may have been infected with HIV or hepatitis .
The dispute between Albania
The dispute between Albania and the UK about the Corfu incident lasted a long time .
The doctor prescribed some cold .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her chill .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her chillines .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her cold .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her cool .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her coolnes .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her frostines .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her gelidity .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her icines .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her nip .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her pressor .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her temperature .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her vasoconstrictive .
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her vasoconstrictor .
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed and get as much rest as he could .
The doctors wore white masks over their mouths
The doctors wore white masks over their mouths and noses .
The dog ate the stale bread
The dog ate the stale bread and did n't die .
The dog bared its fangs
The dog bared its fangs and growled as I approached the gate .
The dog is green
The dog is green and beautiful .
The dog jumped up
The dog jumped up and caught the ball .
The door is open . I 'll go
The door is open . I 'll go and shut it .
The door opens
The door opens and in walks my friend .
The downclimb here is also dangerous as there are no appendages .
The downclimb here is also dangerous as there are no handholds .
The dress has a beautiful contrast between red
The dress has a beautiful contrast between red and white .
The drinks looked cool
The drinks looked cool and delicious .
The drunk driver drove his car straight through the wall of the house
The drunk driver drove his car straight through the wall of the house and into a bedroom .
The drunk driver took the turn too fast , lost control of his car ,
The drunk driver took the turn too fast , lost control of his car , and sideswiped six parked cars .
The eating of delicious food is one of the most intense
The eating of delicious food is one of the most intense and poignant pleasures of life .
The efforts brought about no Coriolis effect .
The efforts brought about no aftereffect .
The efforts brought about no aftermath .
The efforts brought about no backwash .
The efforts brought about no bandwagon effect .
The efforts brought about no branch .
The efforts brought about no brisance .
The efforts brought about no butterfly effect .
The efforts brought about no by-product .
The efforts brought about no byproduct .
The efforts brought about no change .
The efforts brought about no coattails effect .
The efforts brought about no dent .
The efforts brought about no domino effect .
The efforts brought about no effect .
The efforts brought about no fallout .
The efforts brought about no harvest .
The efforts brought about no impact .
The efforts brought about no influence .
The efforts brought about no knock-on effect .
The efforts brought about no materialisation .
The efforts brought about no materialization .
The efforts brought about no offset .
The efforts brought about no offshoot .
The efforts brought about no offspring .
The efforts brought about no outgrowth .
The efforts brought about no phenomenon .
The efforts brought about no placebo effect .
The efforts brought about no position effect .
The efforts brought about no product .
The efforts brought about no repercussion .
The efforts brought about no response .
The efforts brought about no reverberation .
The efforts brought about no side effect .
The efforts brought about no spillover .
The efforts brought about no wake .
The efforts brought about no wallop .
The eighth Paralympic Winter Games are set to take place in Salt~Lake~City , Utah . For only the second time the Games are being held outside Europe , following the 1998 Winter Paralympics in Nagano , Japan . And for the first time ever , there is just one combined organising committee for both the Winter~Olympic
The eighth Paralympic Winter Games are set to take place in Salt~Lake~City , Utah . For only the second time the Games are being held outside Europe , following the 1998 Winter Paralympics in Nagano , Japan . And for the first time ever , there is just one combined organising committee for both the Winter~Olympic and Paralympic Games . Just 10 days after the Winter~Olympics concludes , the Paralympics will begin in the same venue .
The engineer put his eye to the transit
The engineer put his eye to the transit and looked through it .
The explanation of each basic took a long time .
The explanation of each fact took a long measure .
The explanation of each fact took a long mistime .
The explanation of each fact took a long quantify .
The explanation of each fact took a long time .
The explanation of each info took a long time .
The explanation of each information took a long time .
The explanation of each rudiment took a long time .
The fact is that I have no me .
The fact is that I have no money with me .
The farmer regretted having wasted some Triticum aestivum .
The farmer regretted having wasted some Triticum aestivum speltum .
The farmer regretted having wasted some Triticum dicoccum .
The farmer regretted having wasted some Triticum dicoccum dicoccoide .
The farmer regretted having wasted some Triticum durum .
The farmer regretted having wasted some Triticum speltum .
The farmer regretted having wasted some Triticum turgidum .
The farmer regretted having wasted some cereal .
The farmer regretted having wasted some cereal gras .
The farmer regretted having wasted some common wheat .
The farmer regretted having wasted some durum .
The farmer regretted having wasted some durum wheat .
The farmer regretted having wasted some emmer .
The farmer regretted having wasted some hard wheat .
The farmer regretted having wasted some macaroni wheat .
The farmer regretted having wasted some soft wheat .
The farmer regretted having wasted some spelt .
The farmer regretted having wasted some starch wheat .
The farmer regretted having wasted some two-grain spelt .
The farmer regretted having wasted some wheat .
The farmer regretted having wasted some wild emmer .
The farmer regretted having wasted some wild wheat .
The fatal shooting of Steven Charles Jenkins , a terminally ill AIDS patient , by his friend Philip Lee Saylor at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center has again focused attention on the problems of death
The fatal shooting of Steven Charles Jenkins , a terminally ill AIDS patient , by his friend Philip Lee Saylor at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center has again focused attention on the problems of death and dying in our society .
The father had a fit
The father had a fit and yelled into the phone , " come to the house now !
The fifth column begins to leave Russia . The first four " columns " - leading intellectuals , scientists , engineers , real political opposition - have emigrated long ago . Only patriots , old men
The fifth column begins to leave Russia . The first four " columns " - leading intellectuals , scientists , engineers , real political opposition - have emigrated long ago . Only patriots , old men and gendarmes still remain in the country .
The fire was too hot ,
The fire was too hot , and the cakes were burned quite black on the bottom .
The first immigrants in American history came from England
The first immigrants in American history came from England and the Netherlands .
The first one leaves at 17.30
The first one leaves at 17.30 and arrives at 20.25 .
The first thing that came to my attention was the large sofa . It was covered in sober coloured leather , both both looked wide and comfortable .
The first thing that came to my attention was the large sofa . It was covered in sober coloured leather , the seat
The first thing that came to my attention was the large sofa . It was covered in sober coloured leather , the seat and the back both looked wide and comfortable .
The flowers are beginning to grow
The flowers are beginning to grow and everything is becoming green .
The following day , Sophie combed
The following day , Sophie combed and dressed her doll because her friends were coming over .
The forest is home to many different kinds of plants
The forest is home to many different kinds of plants and animals .
The former Italian currency was the lira
The former Italian currency was the lira and its symbol was " ₤ " . It 's not related to the Turkish lira .
The four seasons are : Spring , summer , autumn
The four seasons are : Spring , summer , autumn and winter .
The foxes that have been exposed to radiation in Chernobyl for twenty-nine years no longer fear humans
The foxes that have been exposed to radiation in Chernobyl for twenty-nine years no longer fear humans and are willing to eat from their hands .
The frame of the house should be finished in a day
The frame of the house should be finished in a day or two .
The game ended in a draw ,
The game ended in a draw , and the final score was 2-2 .
The game will be held rain
The game will be held rain or shine .
The garden is bare
The garden is bare and brown .
The garrison saw no Hobson's choice but to surrender .
The garrison saw no choice but to surrender .
The garrison saw no deciding but to surrender .
The garrison saw no decision making but to surrender .
The garrison saw no default but to surrender .
The garrison saw no default option but to surrender .
The garrison saw no druther but to surrender .
The garrison saw no impossibility but to surrender .
The garrison saw no impossible action but to surrender .
The garrison saw no obverse but to surrender .
The garrison saw no opening but to surrender .
The garrison saw no possibility but to surrender .
The garrison saw no possible action but to surrender .
The garrison saw no preference but to surrender .
The garrison saw no soft option but to surrender .
The gasoline truck ran into the gate
The gasoline truck ran into the gate and blew up .
The gentleman took off his gloves
The gentleman took off his gloves and top~hat .
The girl has no abbes .
The girl has no mother .
The girl has no mother superior .
The girl has no priores .
The girls teased Tom
The girls teased Tom and they made fun of him .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all followers to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his claques to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his faithfuls to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his fandoms to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his followers to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his hoi pollois to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his masses to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his massess to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his multitudes to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his peoples to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his the great unwasheds to return to their respective homelands of origin , in Thrace , Gaul , Germany .
The government are being criticised from all acclivities .
The government are being criticised from all ascents .
The government are being criticised from all banks .
The government are being criticised from all cambers .
The government are being criticised from all cants .
The government are being criticised from all canyonsides .
The government are being criticised from all climbs .
The government are being criticised from all coasts .
The government are being criticised from all declensions .
The government are being criticised from all declinations .
The government are being criticised from all declines .
The government are being criticised from all declivities .
The government are being criticised from all descents .
The government are being criticised from all downslopes .
The government are being criticised from all escarpments .
The government are being criticised from all falls .
The government are being criticised from all formations .
The government are being criticised from all geological formations .
The government are being criticised from all hillsides .
The government are being criticised from all mountainsides .
The government are being criticised from all piedmonts .
The government are being criticised from all raises .
The government are being criticised from all rises .
The government are being criticised from all scarps .
The government are being criticised from all sides .
The government are being criticised from all ski slopes .
The government are being criticised from all upgrades .
The government are being criticised from all versants .
The grand piano has no at~all .
The grand piano has no pedal at~all .
The grass in the park is green
The grass in the park is green and beautiful .
The great critic
The great critic and the poet are traveling together .
The green alien is humanoid
The green alien is humanoid and stands at 3.7 metres .
The guests are drinking beer
The guests are drinking beer and wine .
The horse took fright
The horse took fright and bolted .
The host showed off all guests .
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his guests .
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his guests of honor .
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his house guests .
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his houseguests .
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his visitants .
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his visitors .
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his wedding guests .
The hotel telephone is in the hall
The hotel telephone is in the hall and Harriet is trying to ring the police now .
The house has two doors
The house has two doors and a lot of windows .
The hunter shoots stags
The hunter shoots stags and hares .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies every sparrow is ludicrous . But if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , then clearly there is such a God .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every English sparrow is ludicrous . But if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , then clearly there is such a God .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every Passer domesticu is ludicrous . But if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , then clearly there is such a God .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every Passer montanu is ludicrous . But if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , then clearly there is such a God .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every house sparrow is ludicrous . But if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , then clearly there is such a God .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every passeriform bird is ludicrous . But if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , then clearly there is such a God .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every passerine is ludicrous . But if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , then clearly there is such a God .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous . But if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , then clearly there is such a God .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every tree sparrow is ludicrous . But if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , then clearly there is such a God .
The individual stars in a constellation may appear to be very close to each~other , but in fact they can be separated by huge distances in space
The individual stars in a constellation may appear to be very close to each~other , but in fact they can be separated by huge distances in space and have no all .
The individual stars in a constellation may appear to be very close to each~other , but in fact they can be separated by huge distances in space and have no real connection to each~other at all .
The islanders are being slaughtered for no apparent faculty .
The islanders are being slaughtered for no apparent mental faculty .
The islanders are being slaughtered for no apparent module .
The islanders are being slaughtered for no apparent reason .
The islanders are being slaughtered for no reason .
The judge said he had never seen such an amicable
The judge said he had never seen such an amicable and mutually agreed divorce .
The key to raising every soldier into a great warrior is in strengthening training .
The key to raising every worker into a great warrior is in strengthening training .
The kidnappers showed no gesture of giving up .
The kidnappers showed no motion of giving up .
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up .
The killer has just taken his fourteenth victim ,
The killer has just taken his fourteenth victim , and we still have no identity .
The killer has just taken his fourteenth victim , and we still have no lead on his identity .
The killer has just taken his fourteenth victim , and we still have no lead on his operator .
The lawyer needed to take both parties into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both bands into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both circles into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both fatigue parties into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both landing parties into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both lots into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both parties into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both parties to the action into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both parties to the transaction into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both rescue parties into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both search parties into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both sets into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both stretcher parties into consideration .
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both war parties into consideration .
The lawyer spoke on
The lawyer spoke on and on .
The leaves began to turn red
The leaves began to turn red and yellow .
The letter you wrote must be corrected
The letter you wrote must be corrected and transcribed , even if you already rewrote it many times .
The life of some dairy farmers has gotten a lot easier since the introduction of robots to milk the cows .
The little boy was frightened
The little boy was frightened and sprang from the chair .
The little girl put her arm around his neck ,
The little girl put her arm around his neck , and looked into his eye , but she could see nothing .
The local school board would go to any circumference to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any diam to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any diameter to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any dimension to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any fundamental measure to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any fundamental quantity to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any length to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any longnes to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any physical property to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any r to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any radiu to ban that book .
The local school board would go to any shortnes to ban that book .
The longest mission which the Russian Salyuts supported was 63 days . The second generation Salyuts would fly missions much longer
The longest mission which the Russian Salyuts supported was 63 days . The second generation Salyuts would fly missions much longer and would need to be resupplied from time to time .
The machine will save you much time
The machine will save you much time and labor .
The magazine revealed all his dirty cabalas .
The magazine revealed all his dirty cabbalahs .
The magazine revealed all his dirty cabbalas .
The magazine revealed all his dirty countersigns .
The magazine revealed all his dirty esotericas .
The magazine revealed all his dirty infoes .
The magazine revealed all his dirty information .
The magazine revealed all his dirty kabalas .
The magazine revealed all his dirty kabbalahs .
The magazine revealed all his dirty kabbalas .
The magazine revealed all his dirty paroles .
The magazine revealed all his dirty passwords .
The magazine revealed all his dirty qabalahs .
The magazine revealed all his dirty qabalas .
The magazine revealed all his dirty secrets .
The magazine revealed all his dirty watchwords .
The magazine revealed all his dirty words .
The magazine revealed all secrets .
The main islands of Japan are Hokkaido , Shikoku , Honshu
The main islands of Japan are Hokkaido , Shikoku , Honshu and Kyushu .
The man gave no advertence to her loud protest .
The man gave no advertency to her loud protest .
The man gave no attending to her loud protest .
The man gave no attention to her loud protest .
The man gave no heed to her loud protest .
The man glanced at the news~program
The man glanced at the news~program and was shocked .
The man lives from hand to mouth
The man lives from hand to mouth and never saves a cent .
The man lost no paper .
The man lost no time in reading his article .
The man lost no time in reading his paper .
The man put the gun against his forehead
The man put the gun against his forehead and squeezed the trigger .
The meeting room must be able to receive all company .
The meeting room must be able to receive all the workers of the company .
The meeting room must be able to receive all the workers of the complement .
The meeting room must be able to receive all the workers of the full complement .
The meeting started at 2:30
The meeting started at 2:30 and ended at 5:00 .
The meeting was called off as there was no hope of agreement on either area .
The meeting was called off as there was no hope of agreement on either region .
The meeting was called off as there was no hope of agreement on either side .
The meeting was called off as there was no side .
The men played cards
The men played cards and drank until late at night .
The mice ate some bread .
The mice ate some of the Boston brown bread .
The mice ate some of the English muffin .
The mice ate some of the Host .
The mice ate some of the anadama bread .
The mice ate some of the baked good .
The mice ate some of the bap .
The mice ate some of the barmbrack .
The mice ate some of the bread .
The mice ate some of the bread-stick .
The mice ate some of the breadstick .
The mice ate some of the brown bread .
The mice ate some of the bun .
The mice ate some of the caraway seed bread .
The mice ate some of the challah .
The mice ate some of the cinnamon bread .
The mice ate some of the cracked-wheat bread .
The mice ate some of the cracker .
The mice ate some of the crouton .
The mice ate some of the dark bread .
The mice ate some of the flatbread .
The mice ate some of the garlic bread .
The mice ate some of the gluten bread .
The mice ate some of the hallah .
The mice ate some of the light bread .
The mice ate some of the loaf .
The mice ate some of the loaf of bread .
The mice ate some of the matzah .
The mice ate some of the matzo .
The mice ate some of the matzoh .
The mice ate some of the naan .
The mice ate some of the nan .
The mice ate some of the onion bread .
The mice ate some of the quick bread .
The mice ate some of the raisin bread .
The mice ate some of the roll .
The mice ate some of the rye bread .
The mice ate some of the salt-rising bread .
The mice ate some of the simnel .
The mice ate some of the sour bread .
The mice ate some of the sourdough bread .
The mice ate some of the starch .
The mice ate some of the toast .
The mice ate some of the unleavened bread .
The mice ate some of the wafer .
The mice ate some of the white bread .
The mice ate some of the whole meal bread .
The mice ate some of the whole wheat bread .
The middle-aged women kept talking loudly all the way .
The middle-aged women kept talking loudly all way .
The mine would operate nonstop seven days a week
The mine would operate nonstop seven days a week and use tons of cyanide each day to leach the gold from crushed ore .
The most common sports games around the world are : Soccer , Basketball , Football , Rugby , Baseball , Cricket , Ice hockey , Volleyball , Beach volleyball , Tennis , Table tennis , Golf , Boxing , Wrestling , Badminton
The most common sports games around the world are : Soccer , Basketball , Football , Rugby , Baseball , Cricket , Ice hockey , Volleyball , Beach volleyball , Tennis , Table tennis , Golf , Boxing , Wrestling , Badminton and Bowling .
The most common symptom of miscarriage is vaginal bleeding , which may occur with
The most common symptom of miscarriage is vaginal bleeding , which may occur with or without pain .
The most effective means for the propagation of Esperanto is the fluent
The most effective means for the propagation of Esperanto is the fluent and elegant use of this language .
The movie " The Hunchback of Notre-Dame " has been renamed
The movie " The Hunchback of Notre-Dame " has been renamed and is now called " The Bell of Notre-Dame " .
The movie that Tom and Mary watched together had a happy ending .
The movie that Tom ø
The musician is enjoying great popularity both in Japan
The musician is enjoying great popularity both in Japan and in America .
The mystery of Alexander the Great 's tomb still has not unraveled ,
The mystery of Alexander the Great 's tomb still has not unraveled , and locating the burial of Alexander seems to have become an impossible mission for archaeologists .
The name of Tom 's wife is Mary
The name of Tom 's wife is Mary and his son 's is Horace .
The name of this statesman is known to every African in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Amerindian in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Aquariu in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Archer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Ary in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Balance in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Black in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Black person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Bull in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Cancer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Capricorn in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Caucasian in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Crab in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Elizabethan in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Fish in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Gemini in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Goat in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Hebrew in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Israelite in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Jat in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Jew in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Latin in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Leo in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Libra in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Lion in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Native American in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Negro in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Negroid in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Pisce in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Ram in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Sagittariu in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Scorpio in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Scorpion in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Slav in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Tauru in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Twin in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Victorian in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Virgin in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Virgo in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every Water Bearer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every White in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every White person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every abator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every abjurer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every abomination in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every aboriginal in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every aborigine in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every abstainer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every abstinent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every achiever in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every acquaintance in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every acquirer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every active in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every actor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every adjudicator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every admirer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every adoptee in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every adult in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every adventurer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every adversary in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every advisee in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every advocate in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every advocator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every affiant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every aggregator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every agnostic in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every allayer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every amateur in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ancient in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every anomaly in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every antagonist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every anti-American in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every antus in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ape in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every aper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every applicant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every applied scientist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every applier in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every appointee in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every appointment in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every appreciator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every apprehender in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every archaist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every arrogator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every assessee in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every assimilator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every asthmatic in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every attempter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every authority in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every autodidact in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every baby boomer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every baby buster in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every baby in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bad guy in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bad person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every baldhead in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every baldpate in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every baldy in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every balker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bather in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every battler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every baulker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every beard in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bedfellow in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every beguiler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every beholder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every being in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every belligerent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bereaved in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bereaved person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every best in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every birth in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every biter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every blackamoor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every blogger in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every blond in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every blonde in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bluecoat in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every body in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bodybuilder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bomber in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every boomer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every brunet in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every brunette in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every bullfighter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every buster in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every candidate in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every capitalist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every captor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every capturer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every carrottop in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every case in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every cashier in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every causal agency in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every causal agent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every cause in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every celebrant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every celebrater in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every celebrator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every censor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every chameleon in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every changer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every charmer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every child in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every chooser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every chutzpanik in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every closer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every cloud seeder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every clumsy person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every coddler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every collector in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every color-blind person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every combatant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every comforter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every common man in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every common person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every commoner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every communicator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every compeer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every complexifier in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every compulsive in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every computer user in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every contemplative in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every contestant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every contriver in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every controller in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every controversialist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every convert in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every copycat in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every counter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every counterterrorist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every coward in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every crawler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every creator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every creature in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every creditor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every creeper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every cripple in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every cross-dresser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dancer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dead person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dead soul in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every deaf person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every debaser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every debitor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every debtor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every deceased in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every deceased person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every decedent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every defecator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every degrader in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every delayer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every deliverer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every demander in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every denizen in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every departed in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every deviser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dieter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every differentiator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every discriminator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every disentangler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every disputant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dissenter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dissident in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every divider in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every doer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every domestic partner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every doormat in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every double in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every doubter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dresser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dribbler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every driveller in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every drooler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every drug user in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dupe in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dweller in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every dyslectic in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ectomorph in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every effecter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every effector in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ejector in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every emotional person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every emulator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every endomorph in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every engineer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every enjoyer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every enrollee in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every entertainer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every equal in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every eristic in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every essayer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ethnic in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every excuser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every expectorator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every experimenter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every expert in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every explorer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every exponent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every extravert in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every extrovert in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every face in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every faddist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every faller in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every fastener in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every female in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every female person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every fiduciary in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every fighter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every first-rater in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every fleer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every follower in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every forerunner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every forgiver in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every free agent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every free spirit in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every freewheeler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every friend in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every fugitive in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every gainer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every gambler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every gatekeeper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every gatherer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every gay in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every gem in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every gentile in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every good guy in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every good person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every granter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every greeter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every grinner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every groaner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every grownup in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every grunter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every guesser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every guinea pig in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every habitant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every handicapped person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every hater in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every have in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every heterosexual in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every heterosexual person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every homo in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every homophile in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every homosexual in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every homunculu in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every hope in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every hoper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every huddler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every hugger in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every image in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every imitator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every immune in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every indigen in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every indigene in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every individualist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every indweller in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every inexperienced person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every inhabitant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every innocent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every insured in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every insured person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every intellect in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every intellectual in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every interpreter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every introvert in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every jewel in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every jumper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every junior in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every juvenile in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every juvenile person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every killer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every kink in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every kneeler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every knocker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every knower in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ladino in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every large person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every laugher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every leader in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every learner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every left-hander in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every lefty in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every life in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every lightning rod in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every linguist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every literate in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every literate person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every liver in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every longer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every look-alike in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every loose cannon in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every loved one in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every lover in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every machine in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mailer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every maimer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every malcontent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every male in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every male person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every man in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every man jack in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mangler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every manipulator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every married in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every masturbator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every match in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every measurer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mediocrity in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mesomorph in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mestizo in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every middlebrow in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every miracle man in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every miracle worker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every misogamist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mixed-blood in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every modern in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every modifier in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mollycoddler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every money dealer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every money handler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every monolingual in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mother hen in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mouse in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mover and shaker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every muscle builder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every muscle-builder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every musclebuilder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every muscleman in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every mutilator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every namer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every namesake in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every national in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every native in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every needer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every neglecter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every neighbmy in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every neighbor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every neutral in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every noncompliant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nondescript in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nondrinker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nonmember in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nonparticipant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nonpartisan in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nonpartizan in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nonperson in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nonreligious person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nonresident in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nonsmoker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nonworker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nude in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nude person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every nurser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every objector in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every observer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every occultist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every onanist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every opener in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every opponent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every opposer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every optimist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every organism in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every orphan in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ostrich in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ouster in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every outcaste in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every outdoorsman in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every owner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every pamperer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every pansexual in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every pardoner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every partner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every party in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every passer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every peer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every perceiver in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every percher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every percipient in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every person of colmy in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every person of color in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every persona non gratum in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every personage in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every personification in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every perspirer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every philosopher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every picker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every pisser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every planner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every player in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every polyglot in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every possessor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every posturer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every powderer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every precursor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every preserver in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every primitive in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every primitive person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every proponent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every propositu in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every prospect in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every protester in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every public relations person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every pursuer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every pussycat in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every quarter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every quester in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every quitter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every radical in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every realist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every recoverer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every rectifier in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every red-header in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every redhead in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every redheader in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every registrant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every relation in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every relative in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every reliever in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every religious person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every repeater in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every rescuer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every resister in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every rester in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every restrainer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every revenant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every rich person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every right hander in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every right-hander in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every righthander in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every riser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every romanticist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every romper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every roundhead in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ruler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every runaway in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every rusher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every saluter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every saver in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every scholar in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every scientist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every scourge in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every scrag in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every scrapper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every scratcher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every searcher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every second-rater in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every seeder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every seeker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every segregate in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every selector in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every self in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sensualist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sentimentalist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sex object in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sex symbol in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every shaker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every shitter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every showman in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every signatory in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every signer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every significant other in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every simple in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every simpleton in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every six-footer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every skidder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every skin and bone in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every slave in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every slayer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sleepyhead in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every slider in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every slipper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every slobberer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sloucher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every small person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every smasher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every smiler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every smotherer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sneezer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sniffer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sniffler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sniveler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every snuffer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every snuffler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every social dancer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every socialiser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every socializer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sort in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sounding board in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every southpaw in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sphinx in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every spitter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every spoiler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sport in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every spousal equivalent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every spouse equivalent in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sprawler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every spurner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every squint-eye in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every squinter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every squirmer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every stifler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every stigmatic in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every stigmatist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every stooper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every straight in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every straight person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every stranger in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every struggler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every subject in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every substance abuser in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every succeeder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every succes in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every supernumerary in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every surrenderer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every survivalist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every survivor in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every suspect in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every swayer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every sweater in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every tagger in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every tapper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every technologist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every tempter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every termer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every terror in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every testate in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every testator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every thin person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every third-rater in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every thirster in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every threat in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every thrower in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every tiger in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every topper in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every toreador in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every totemist in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every toucher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every transexual in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every transfer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every transferee in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every transsexual in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every transvestite in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every traveler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every traveller in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every trier in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every turner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every tyrant in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every undoer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every unfastener in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every unfortunate in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every unfortunate person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every unperson in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every unraveler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every unraveller in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every unskilled person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every untier in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every unusual person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every unwelcome person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every urinator in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every user in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every vanisher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every venturer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every victim in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every visionary in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every visually impaired person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every voider in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every waiter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every waker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every walk-in in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every wanter in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every ward in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every warrior in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every watcher in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every weakling in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every wealthy person in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every weasel in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every weight gainer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every welcomer in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every wiggler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every wight in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every winker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every winner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every withholder in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every witnes in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every worker in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every worldling in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every wriggler in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every wus in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every yawner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every yearner in Japan .
The name of this statesman is known to every yielder in Japan .
The national flag of the USA is called the Stars
The national flag of the USA is called the Stars and Stripes .
The natives collect
The natives collect and store rain-water to drink .
The neighborhood has been gentrified . Now it 's teeming with pretend hipsters slurping skinny lattes at Starbucks . They gather round coffee
The neighborhood has been gentrified . Now it 's teeming with pretend hipsters slurping skinny lattes at Starbucks . They gather round coffee and free Wi-Fi like bees round a honeypot .
The new tunnel will link Britain
The new tunnel will link Britain and France .
The new tunnel will link Great~Britain
The new tunnel will link Great~Britain and France .
The newly suggested distance is much closer than the present positions at 2,870,972,200 kilometers from the sun for Uranus
The newly suggested distance is much closer than the present positions at 2,870,972,200 kilometers from the sun for Uranus and 4,498,252,900 kilometers for Neptune .
The nurse handed Tom some pills
The nurse handed Tom some pills and he took them .
The official religion is Theravada Buddhism , which is also practiced in neighboring Laos , Thailand , Burma
The official religion is Theravada Buddhism , which is also practiced in neighboring Laos , Thailand , Burma and Sri~Lanka .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each alexic .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each analysand .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each arthritic .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each case .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each diseased person .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each hypertensive .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each hypochondriac .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each hypotensive .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each index case .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each inmate .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each inpatient .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each outpatient .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each patient .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each sick person .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each sufferer .
The old doctor gave individual attention to each vaccinee .
The old man ate some porridge .
The old man ate some rice burgoo .
The old man ate some rice dish .
The old man ate some rice gruel .
The old man ate some rice hasty pudding .
The old man ate some rice oatmeal .
The old man ate some rice porridge .
The old man bribed a young girl with money
The old man bribed a young girl with money and jewelry .
The old man is wise
The old man is wise and knows many things about life .
The old man spent most of his period looking back on his youth .
The old man spent most of his period of time looking back on his youth .
The old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth .
The old man spent most of his time period looking back on his youth .
The old man spent most time looking back on his youth .
The old poet sat down again beside the stove ,
The old poet sat down again beside the stove , and took the little boy in his lap ; he wrung the water out of his streaming hair , warmed the child 's hands within his own , and gave him mulled wine to drink .
The old woman is getting better
The old woman is getting better and is being taken good care of by a nurse from the hospital .
The one who reads this report obtains all himself .
The one who reads this report obtains all statements that are necessary to be able to check the facts by himself .
The only thing in the world which one can never receive
The only thing in the world which one can never receive or give too much is love .
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some big buck .
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some big money .
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some bundle .
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some megabuck .
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some money .
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some pile .
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some wealth .
The opposites yin
The opposites yin and yang pursue each~other through time .
The other day I stopped at a secondhand bookstore on my way home from school
The other day I stopped at a secondhand bookstore on my way home from school and happened to find a book I had been looking for for a long time .
The other girls mocked her
The other girls mocked her and picked on her .
The pan suddenly caught fire while I was frying some bacon yesterday .
The pan suddenly caught fire while I was frying some strips of bacon yesterday .
The papers presented show that all European countries are experiencing rapidly aging populations that will cause sharp increases in the cost of retirement income over the next several decades .
The papers presented show that all countries are experiencing rapidly aging populations that will cause sharp increases in the cost of retirement income over the next several decades .
The party tickets go for ten dollars
The party tickets go for ten dollars and upward .
The party went till midnight ,
The party went till midnight , and there was a lot of cleaning up to do afterwards .
The patient is getting worse
The patient is getting worse and worse day by day .
The patient is up
The patient is up and about .
The peacock ( Inachis~io ) is a beautiful
The peacock ( Inachis~io ) is a beautiful and easily recognizable butterfly .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works any country .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any Brit .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any British .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any British person .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any Dutch .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any Dutch person .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any English .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any English person .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any French .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any French person .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any Irish .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any Irish person .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any Spanish .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any Spanish person .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any Swiss .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any Swiss person .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any country .
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . That is easy . It works the same way in any person .
The people of Sydney ought to be afraid of the sharks , but for some account they do not seem to be .
The people of Sydney ought to be afraid of the sharks , but for some explanation they do not seem to be .
The people of Sydney ought to be afraid of the sharks , but for some reason they do not seem to be .
The people sought truth in every cranny , and it was there between them that the truth was crushed .
The people sought truth in every nook
The people sought truth in every nook and cranny , and it was there between them that the truth was crushed .
The people sought truth in every nook and depression , and it was there between them that the truth was crushed .
The people sought truth in every nook and impression , and it was there between them that the truth was crushed .
The people sought truth in every nook and imprint , and it was there between them that the truth was crushed .
The phone rang
The phone rang and Tom answered it .
The pidgeons of Boston are fat
The pidgeons of Boston are fat and proud .
The pills were sold under store brands by Wal-Mart , CVS , Safeway
The pills were sold under store brands by Wal-Mart , CVS , Safeway and more than 120 other major retailers , the Food~and~Drug~Administration said .
The pirates had no Hobson's choice but to surrender .
The pirates had no choice but to surrender .
The pirates had no deciding but to surrender .
The pirates had no decision making but to surrender .
The pirates had no default but to surrender .
The pirates had no default option but to surrender .
The pirates had no druther but to surrender .
The pirates had no impossibility but to surrender .
The pirates had no impossible action but to surrender .
The pirates had no obverse but to surrender .
The pirates had no opening but to surrender .
The pirates had no possibility but to surrender .
The pirates had no possible action but to surrender .
The pirates had no preference but to surrender .
The pirates had no soft option but to surrender .
The plane hit severe turbulence
The plane hit severe turbulence and Tom 's coffee went all over the lady sitting next to him .
The plane took off
The plane took off and was soon out of sight .
The poachers stole some eggs .
The poachers stole some turtle cobblerss .
The poachers stole some turtle eggs .
The poachers stole some turtle gonads .
The poachers stole some turtle male reproductive glands .
The poachers stole some turtle sex glands .
The poachers stole some turtle undescended testes .
The poachers stole some turtle undescended testicles .
The polar caps partially melted
The polar caps partially melted and the sea level rose about a metre , so that more than a billion people on coastal areas had to be evacuated .
The police are really good at understanding " Someone stole my credit card
The police are really good at understanding " Someone stole my credit card and ran up a lot of charges . " It 's a lot harder to get them to buy into " Someone stole my magic sword . "
The police conducted an offensive against some drug art dealers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug barrow-boys .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug barrow-men .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug barterers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug bibliopoles .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug bibliopolists .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug cheesemongers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug costermongers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug cutlers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug dealers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug drapers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug fences .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug fishmongers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug fishwives .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug hardwaremen .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug horse traders .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug ironmongers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug mercers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug merchandisers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug merchants .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug seedmen .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug seedsmen .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug slop-sellers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug slopsellers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug stamp dealers .
The police conducted an offensive against some drug stock traders .
The police conducted some dealers .
The police found boxes that contained marijuana
The police found boxes that contained marijuana and other drugs inside the trunk of the car .
The police found no circumstantial evidence .
The police found no clue .
The police found no corpus delictus .
The police found no corroborating evidence .
The police found no direct evidence .
The police found no evidence .
The police found no exhibit .
The police found no hearsay evidence .
The police found no indicant .
The police found no indication .
The police found no indirect evidence .
The police found no info .
The police found no information .
The police found no state's evidence .
The police found no testimony .
The police have found no suspect yet .
The police have found no trace of the accused yet .
The police have found no trace of the co-defendant yet .
The police have found no trace of the codefendant yet .
The police have found no trace of the litigant yet .
The police have found no trace of the litigator yet .
The police have found no trace of the suspect yet .
The police looked everywhere
The police looked everywhere and could n't find any trace of Tom .
The policeman aimed his gun at Tom
The policeman aimed his gun at Tom and yelled , " Hold it right there ! "
The policeman asked if Maria had greeted me with a wave , a hug
The policeman asked if Maria had greeted me with a wave , a hug or a kiss .
The policeman blew his whistle
The policeman blew his whistle and gave a sign for the car to stop .
The policeman did not believe my story ,
The policeman did not believe my story , and I thought it was no good arguing with him .
The policeman did not believe my story , and I thought it was no him .
The policy focused on coca eradication from the territories of Peru
The policy focused on coca eradication from the territories of Peru and Bolivia . During the years of 1996 and 2000 , much of the resources of " Andean Initiative " where utilized in intense aerial fumigation in coca producing areas .
The politician had every pocket .
The politician had sticky fingers ,
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his atrial auricle .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his auricle .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his auricula .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his auricula atrius .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his auricular appendage .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his auricular appendix .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his cheek pouch .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his gastric mill .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his gizzard .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his marsupium .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his pocket .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his sac .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his scrotum .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his utricle .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his utriculu .
The politician had sticky fingers , and 5 % of every contract ended in his ventriculu .
The politician had to take back his words
The politician had to take back his words and eat crow .
The populations of China
The populations of China and India dwarf every nation .
The populations of China and India dwarf those of every other nation .
The price was only three~thousand yen ,
The price was only three~thousand yen , or about thirty dollars .
The prime minister fell into the Danube
The prime minister fell into the Danube and drowned .
The prince fell in love with a simple peasant girl
The prince fell in love with a simple peasant girl and married her .
The principal shook hands with each graduates .
The principal shook hands with each of the graduated cylinders .
The principal shook hands with each of the graduates .
The principal shook hands with each of the measuring devices .
The principal shook hands with each of the measuring instruments .
The principal shook hands with each of the measuring systems .
The prize is named after Alfred~Nobel , a pacifist
The prize is named after Alfred~Nobel , a pacifist and entrepreneur who invented dynamite in 1866 . Nobel left much of his wealth to establish the award , which has honoured achievements in physics , chemistry , medicine , literature and efforts to promote peace since 1901 .
The queen shook hands with each game .
The queen shook hands with each player after the game .
The queen shook hands with each player after the game equipment .
The queen shook hands with each player after the puzzle .
The real queen was now restored to all dignity , and was beloved by all .
The real queen was now restored to all her bearing , and was beloved by all .
The real queen was now restored to all her comportment , and was beloved by all .
The real queen was now restored to all her dignity ,
The real queen was now restored to all her dignity , and was beloved by all .
The real queen was now restored to all her mien , and was beloved by all .
The real queen was now restored to all her presence , and was beloved by all .
The reason I prefer to go to Japan is that the people in Japan are hardworking
The reason I prefer to go to Japan is that the people in Japan are hardworking and have honest personalities .
The receipt has to be signed
The receipt has to be signed and stamped by the authorities .
The recommendation from my boss made all difference .
The recommendation from my boss made all the difference .
The recommendation from my boss made all the discrepancy .
The recommendation from my boss made all the driftage .
The recommendation from my boss made all the flection .
The recommendation from my boss made all the flexion .
The recommendation from my boss made all the fluctuation .
The recommendation from my boss made all the inflection .
The recommendation from my boss made all the variance .
The recommendation from my boss made all the variant .
The recommendation from my boss made all the variation .
The relationship between husband
The relationship between husband and wife should be based on love .
The report was prepared in haste
The report was prepared in haste and had several misspellings .
The request comes after two years of exploratory talks
The request comes after two years of exploratory talks and after the neighboring Czech~Republic 's prime minister said Saturday that Washington had asked to base a radar station in his country as another part of the system .
The researchers in the latest study fed one group of mice a diet in which 60 percent of calories came from fat . The diet started when the mice , all males , were 1 year old , which is middle-age in mouse longevity . As expected , the mice soon developed signs of impending diabetes , with grossly enlarged livers ,
The researchers in the latest study fed one group of mice a diet in which 60 percent of calories came from fat . The diet started when the mice , all males , were 1 year old , which is middle-age in mouse longevity . As expected , the mice soon developed signs of impending diabetes , with grossly enlarged livers , and started to die much sooner than mice fed a standard diet .
The rest of us all had the smoked salmon .
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all dogs .
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her catches .
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs .
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her stops .
The rich merchant adopted the boy
The rich merchant adopted the boy and made him his heir .
The road to recovery goes downhill all the way .
The road to recovery goes downhill all way .
The road to recovery is downhill all the way .
The road to recovery is downhill all way .
The robbers made away with all money in the safe .
The robbers made away with all the big buck in the safe .
The robbers made away with all the big money in the safe .
The robbers made away with all the bundle in the safe .
The robbers made away with all the megabuck in the safe .
The robbers made away with all the money in the safe .
The robbers made away with all the pile in the safe .
The robbers made away with all the wealth in the safe .
The rumor had no fact .
The rumor had no foundation in concept .
The rumor had no foundation in conception .
The rumor had no foundation in construct .
The rumor had no foundation in fact .
The sausages sizzled in the frying pan
The sausages sizzled in the frying pan and smelt delicious .
The second biggest pleasure park behind Euro Disney is a great adventure for young
The second biggest pleasure park behind Euro Disney is a great adventure for young and old children . Many rides , shows and other attractions are waiting there for you .
The servant led me to a very beautiful room , which served simultaneously as a living room
The servant led me to a very beautiful room , which served simultaneously as a living room and office in the engineer 's house .
The ship was searched thoroughly , but no drugs were found .
The ship was searched thoroughly , but no illegal drugs were found .
The ship will touch at Yokohama
The ship will touch at Yokohama and Kobe .
The show was so boring that Ann
The show was so boring that Ann and I fell asleep .
The sister of your father
The sister of your father or mother is your aunt .
The situation is getting worse
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day .
The sky grew darker
The sky grew darker and darker , and the wind blew harder and harder .
The sky grew darker and darker .
The sky was bright
The sky was bright and clear .
The smaller planets hovering around the planet Jupiter reminded him of the guards surrounding a king when he walked outdoors ,
The smaller planets hovering around the planet Jupiter reminded him of the guards surrounding a king when he walked outdoors , and Kepler called them satellites .
The snow-flakes became larger
The snow-flakes became larger and larger , till they appeared like great white chickens .
The sound footing of his book were interviews with more than 500 millionaires
The sound footing of his book were interviews with more than 500 millionaires and billionaires .
The source of the trouble appeared to be that Napoleon
The source of the trouble appeared to be that Napoleon and Mr. Pilkington had each played an ace of spades simultaneously .
The speaker took every could to big-note himself .
The speaker took every opportunity he could to big-note himself .
The squirrel closed its eyes
The squirrel closed its eyes and began to count hazelnuts .
The squirrels ran
The squirrels ran and chased each~other .
The stars shone all the hard time .
The stars shone all the life .
The stars shone all the life sentence .
The stars shone all the term .
The stars shone all the time .
The stars shone all time .
The stevia was cultivated
The stevia was cultivated and used as a sweetener by the Guarani people for at~least 1,500 years .
The stolen jewels must be recovered at any cost .
The stolen jewels must be recovered at any death toll .
The stolen jewels must be recovered at any value .
The store was so crowded that Tom
The store was so crowded that Tom and Mary lost sight of each~other .
The stout man leaped over the shallow ditch
The stout man leaped over the shallow ditch and stumbled .
The strongest is never strong enough to always be master , unless he transforms strength into right ,
The strongest is never strong enough to always be master , unless he transforms strength into right , and obedience into duty . From there derives the right of the strongest .
The study found that African-American students were disciplined more often
The study found that African-American students were disciplined more often and more harshly than other students .
The sun is beating down
The sun is beating down and there 's no shade in sight .
The surgeon who did Tom 's operation is very experienced
The surgeon who did Tom 's operation is very experienced and highly regarded .
The surgeon who operated on Tom is very experienced
The surgeon who operated on Tom is very experienced and highly regarded .
The suspects will face charges for importing
The suspects will face charges for importing and possessing drugs in a Sydney court .
The tall man looked at Tom
The tall man looked at Tom and smiled .
The taxi I took was very old
The taxi I took was very old and small .
The teacher caned the children if they misbehaved
The teacher caned the children if they misbehaved or were unable to recite their times tables .
The teacher enjoyed talking with some graduates .
The teacher enjoyed talking with some of the graduated cylinders .
The teacher enjoyed talking with some of the graduates .
The teacher enjoyed talking with some of the measuring devices .
The teacher enjoyed talking with some of the measuring instruments .
The teacher enjoyed talking with some of the measuring systems .
The teacher looked around the classroom
The teacher looked around the classroom and started to talk .
The teacher opened the box
The teacher opened the box and took out a ball .
The teacher was really upset
The teacher was really upset and threw Johnny out of class .
The teachers ' room
The teachers ' room and the gym are being renovated .
The text duly became the Constitution of the Republic~of~South~Africa in 1996
The text duly became the Constitution of the Republic~of~South~Africa in 1996 and came into effect in February 1997 . It has been amended twelve times since its adoption .
The thief ran away
The thief ran away and the policeman ran after him .
The thing that impressed me somewhere was the Chinese .
The thing that impressed me the most in China was the Chinese .
The tornado is getting bigger
The tornado is getting bigger and bigger .
The train runs between Tokyo
The train runs between Tokyo and Hakata .
The train runs between Tokyo and Kagoshima .
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the category .
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way .
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all way .
The tree thrusts its branches far
The tree thrusts its branches far and wide .
The tree was so discontented , that it took no evening .
The tree was so discontented , that it took no pleasure in the warm sunshine , the birds ,
The tree was so discontented , that it took no pleasure in the warm sunshine , the birds , or the rosy clouds that floated over it morning
The tree was so discontented , that it took no pleasure in the warm sunshine , the birds , or the rosy clouds that floated over it morning and evening .
The tree was so discontented , that it took no pleasure in the warm sunshine , the birds , or the rosy clouds that floated over it morning and period .
The tree was so discontented , that it took no pleasure in the warm sunshine , the birds , or the rosy clouds that floated over it morning and period of time .
The tree was so discontented , that it took no pleasure in the warm sunshine , the birds , or the rosy clouds that floated over it morning and time period .
The trees are barren
The trees are barren or bear only small fruit .
The tribe worships its ancestors
The tribe worships its ancestors and speaks its own language , and speaks an unfamiliar language .
The trip gave us no end of pleasure .
The trip gave us no pleasure .
The true art of acting is to conceal from the audience that which is part of the role
The true art of acting is to conceal from the audience that which is part of the role and that which comes from you personally .
The true philosophical Act is annihilation of self ( Selbsttötung ) ; this is the real beginning of all Philosophy ; all requisites for being a Disciple of Philosophy point hither . This Act alone corresponds to all the conditions
The true philosophical Act is annihilation of self ( Selbsttötung ) ; this is the real beginning of all Philosophy ; all requisites for being a Disciple of Philosophy point hither . This Act alone corresponds to all the conditions and characteristics of transcendental conduct .
The truth is rarely pure
The truth is rarely pure and never simple .
The twelve animals of the Chinese Zodiac come from eleven types of animals we find in nature : the rat , the ox , the tiger , the hare , the snake , the horse , the ram , the monkey , the rooster , the dog , the pig ,
The twelve animals of the Chinese Zodiac come from eleven types of animals we find in nature : the rat , the ox , the tiger , the hare , the snake , the horse , the ram , the monkey , the rooster , the dog , the pig , and the mythological dragon ; they 're used as a calendar .
The twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac come from eleven kinds of animals originating in nature , namely the rat , ox , tiger , rabbit , horse , snake , monkey , rooster , dog
The twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac come from eleven kinds of animals originating in nature , namely the rat , ox , tiger , rabbit , horse , snake , monkey , rooster , dog and pig , as well as the legendary form of the dragon , and are used as a calendar .
The two most famous volcanoes of Italy are Vesuvius
The two most famous volcanoes of Italy are Vesuvius and Etna .
The two sisters became more
The two sisters became more and more famous .
The two women look at Tom
The two women look at Tom and then at each~other .
The vampire killed Tom
The vampire killed Tom and took his form .
The voice is not enough ; we want also to see your facial expression
The voice is not enough ; we want also to see your facial expression and body language .
The voices calling for Wulff to resign are getting louder
The voices calling for Wulff to resign are getting louder and louder .
The war between France
The war between France and England lasted one~hundred years .
The warm punch fuming in the icy air called to mind caldrons , witches ,
The warm punch fuming in the icy air called to mind caldrons , witches , and arcane incantations .
The water was calm
The water was calm and very blue .
The welcome rain has extinguished all bushfires . Now floods are predicted .
The welcome rain has extinguished all the bushfires . Now floods are predicted .
The welcome rain has extinguished all the crown fires . Now floods are predicted .
The welcome rain has extinguished all the fires . Now floods are predicted .
The welcome rain has extinguished all the ground fires . Now floods are predicted .
The welcome rain has extinguished all the surface fires . Now floods are predicted .
The whole audience got up
The whole audience got up and started to applaud .
The wicked witch cast a spell on the man
The wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug .
The witch cast a spell
The witch cast a spell and a beam of light shot out of her wand .
The wives of the two elder brothers watched her
The wives of the two elder brothers watched her and did exactly same .
The wives of the two elder brothers watched her and did exactly the Lappic .
The wives of the two elder brothers watched her and did exactly the Lappish .
The wives of the two elder brothers watched her and did exactly the same .
The wizard waved his magic wand
The wizard waved his magic wand and disappeared into thin~air .
The women in our country are different from the women from other countries . Many think that it 's acceptable for women to have children
The women in our country are different from the women from other countries . Many think that it 's acceptable for women to have children and devote themselves to them entirely ; and , towards their husband , to simply uphold their duty and protect their chastity .
The woodcutter led the children into the deepest part of the forest
The woodcutter led the children into the deepest part of the forest and abandoned them .
The word became flesh
The word became flesh and lived for a while among us .
The word came to be used for all ones .
The word came to be used for all small heavenly bodies revolving about larger ones .
The word came to be used for all small heavenly bodies revolving about larger units .
The word that Tom
The word that Tom and Mary were seeking , they found only at the end of the sentence , as it was the word that was " lost " .
The world 's fast-growing thirst for water can only be met by purifying sea water as rivers
The world 's fast-growing thirst for water can only be met by purifying sea water as rivers and reservoirs become unable to meet demand , Spain said last week unveiling a major program to fight its own chronic shortages .
The world is blue ,
The world is blue , and so are you .
The world rests upon an elephant
The world rests upon an elephant and the elephant rests upon a tortoise .
The yen is rising
The yen is rising and the dollar is falling .
The young man put out his hand
The young man put out his hand and I shook it .
Their feelings are intense
Their feelings are intense and they tend to be jealous .
Their names are Tom
Their names are Tom and Ken .
Then little Gerda wept hot tears , which fell on his breast ,
Then little Gerda wept hot tears , which fell on his breast , and penetrated into his heart , and thawed the lump of ice , and washed away the little piece of glass which had stuck there .
Then the grandmother smoothed his hair
Then the grandmother smoothed his hair and told him some more tales .
Then the grandmother smoothed his hair and told him some tales .
Then the younger brother set off ,
Then the younger brother set off , and the elder remained behind .
Then they took each other by the hand ,
Then they took each other by the hand , and went forth from the great palace of ice .
Then we shook hands
Then we shook hands and said good-bye .
Theravada Buddhism is the official religion of Thailand
Theravada Buddhism is the official religion of Thailand and is the religion of about 95 % of its people . The government permits religious diversity , and other major religions are represented . Spirit worship and animism are widely practiced .
There 'll be coffee
There 'll be coffee and cake at five .
There 's a difference between silly
There 's a difference between silly and stupid .
There 's a fine line between assertiveness
There 's a fine line between assertiveness and aggression .
There 's a fine line between love
There 's a fine line between love and hate .
There 's a great difference between a theory
There 's a great difference between a theory and an idea .
There 's a huge difference between " making oneself understood "
There 's a huge difference between " making oneself understood " and " completely mastering English . "
There 's a lot of nature there : a mountain range , a small river ,
There 's a lot of nature there : a mountain range , a small river , and a great forest .
There 's a relation between knowing the context
There 's a relation between knowing the context and translating the text .
There 's a sauna
There 's a sauna and a pool .
There 's a swimming pool
There 's a swimming pool and a bowling alley .
There 's a time
There 's a time and a place for everything .
There 's a two hour time difference between Buenos~Aires
There 's a two hour time difference between Buenos~Aires and New Jersey .
There 's an apostrophe missing . " It 's "
There 's an apostrophe missing . " It 's " and " its " are different . -- I know . It was a typing error .
There 's an idiot where I work
There 's an idiot where I work and it gets on my nerves .
There 's coffee ,
There 's coffee , and then there 's COFFEE .
There 's fruit
There 's fruit and meat in this market .
There 's hardly any hope that he 'll win the election .
There 's no chance that he 'll recover .
There 's no need to fear . There 's plenty of time .
There 's no need to fearfulnes . There 's plenty of time .
There 's no need to fright . There 's plenty of time .
There 's no need to panic . There 's plenty of time .
There 's no need to swivet . There 's plenty of time .
There 's no need to worry just because he 's late .
There 's no one in the house . They 're all open .
There 's no one in the house . They 're all open air .
There 's no one in the house . They 're all out-of-doors .
There 's no one in the house . They 're all outdoor .
There 's no one in the house . They 're all outside .
There 's no one in the house . They 're all part .
There 's no one in the house . They 're all region .
There 's no panic . There 's plenty of time .
There 's no point talking to you , because you wo n't do as I say anyway .
There 's no safe
There 's no safe and effective treatment .
There 's no way I 'm going to do that .
There 's no way I 'm going to leave you alone here .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with Tom .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with adult male .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with blighter .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with bloke .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with boy .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with boy wonder .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with chap .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with cus .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with fella .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with feller .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with fellow .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with foster brother .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with foster-brother .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with gent .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with individual .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with lad .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with macho .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with male child .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with male offspring .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with man .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with man-child .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with mortal .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with mother's son .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with person .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with sirrah .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with somebody .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with someone .
There 's no way I 'm leaving you here alone with soul .
There 's no way of telling who 'll financial gain .
There 's no way of telling who 'll win .
There 's nothing going on between Tom
There 's nothing going on between Tom and Mary .
There 's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving ,
There 's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving , and that 's your own self .
There 's only one pretty child in the world ,
There 's only one pretty child in the world , and every mother has it .
There 's something about you I do n't like
There 's something about you I do n't like and I ca n't bear your company any longer .
There 's too much sex
There 's too much sex and violence in today 's movies .
There are 10 types of people in the world : those who understand binary ,
There are 10 types of people in the world : those who understand binary , and those who do n't .
There are a blackboard , a lamp , a door , two windows , twelve chairs
There are a blackboard , a lamp , a door , two windows , twelve chairs and a desk ; there are many students as well .
There are a lot of old cities in Italy . Rome
There are a lot of old cities in Italy . Rome and Venice , for example .
There are a lot of people
There are a lot of people and cars in this city . It is a busy city .
There are a lot of sentences without any biological proces .
There are a lot of sentences without any organic proces .
There are a lot of sentences without any translation .
There are about 1600 male billionaires
There are about 1600 male billionaires and 200 female billionaires in the world .
There are about a thousand students in all .
There are about all all .
There are almost no books .
There are almost no cost ledgers .
There are almost no daybooks .
There are almost no general ledgers .
There are almost no journals .
There are almost no records .
There are almost no subsidiary ledgers .
There are any speaker .
There are any translation .
There are books
There are books and books on the subject .
There are certainly some considering .
There are certainly some points worth considering .
There are comfort some savage tribes on that island .
There are compose some savage tribes on that island .
There are conditions under which breaking a promise
There are conditions under which breaking a promise or telling a lie are acceptable .
There are considerable gaps in our knowledge of modern forms , but we do know that during the Carboniferous period hundreds of different amphibian forms roamed the swamps . Apart from caecilians modern amphibians lost their fish-like scales
There are considerable gaps in our knowledge of modern forms , but we do know that during the Carboniferous period hundreds of different amphibian forms roamed the swamps . Apart from caecilians modern amphibians lost their fish-like scales and developed a soft skin .
There are console some savage tribes on that island .
There are dictionaries
There are dictionaries and dictionaries .
There are every rule .
There are exceptions to every direction .
There are exceptions to every ground rule .
There are exceptions to every instruction .
There are exceptions to every rule .
There are false friends in every language .
There are false friends in every markup language .
There are false friends in every toponomy .
There are false friends in every toponymy .
There are false friends in every word .
There are few if any kind men .
There are few if any such antitype men .
There are few if any such art form men .
There are few if any such brand men .
There are few if any such category men .
There are few if any such colmy men .
There are few if any such color men .
There are few if any such description men .
There are few if any such flavmy men .
There are few if any such flavor men .
There are few if any such genre men .
There are few if any such genu men .
There are few if any such ilk men .
There are few if any such kind men .
There are few if any such like men .
There are few if any such make men .
There are few if any such manner men .
There are few if any such model men .
There are few if any such species men .
There are few if any such stripe men .
There are few if any such style men .
There are few if any such the like men .
There are few if any such the likes of men .
There are few if any such type men .
There are five of us
There are five of us and eight of them .
There are forty-one teachers
There are forty-one teachers and about eight~hundred students in this school .
There are four fountains with statues of Neptune , his wife Amphitrite , Diana
There are four fountains with statues of Neptune , his wife Amphitrite , Diana and Adonis in the Market Square .
There are four identified subtypes of Ebola virus . Three of the four have caused disease in humans : Ebola-Zaire , Ebola-Sudan ,
There are four identified subtypes of Ebola virus . Three of the four have caused disease in humans : Ebola-Zaire , Ebola-Sudan , and Ebola-Ivory~Coast . The fourth , Ebola-Reston , has caused disease in non-human primates , but not in humans .
There are four seasons in a year : spring , summer , fall
There are four seasons in a year : spring , summer , fall and winter .
There are highs
There are highs and lows in life , said the elevator operator .
There are many , many nuances in any language which are perfectly natural to the native speaker but which confuse the non-native speaker .
There are many ancient cities in Italy , Rome
There are many ancient cities in Italy , Rome and Venice for example .
There are many countries
There are many countries and many cultures on Earth .
There are many motives for suicide attacks : religious beliefs , nationalistic ideologies , obedience to charismatic
There are many motives for suicide attacks : religious beliefs , nationalistic ideologies , obedience to charismatic and authoritarian leaders ,
There are many motives for suicide attacks : religious beliefs , nationalistic ideologies , obedience to charismatic and authoritarian leaders , or desire for political change .
There are many tall trees
There are many tall trees and different kinds of grass in the jungle .
There are more things in Heaven
There are more things in Heaven and Earth , Horatio , than are dreamt of in your philosophy .
There are nine girls
There are nine girls and three boys in the library .
There are no America .
There are no Archaeopteryx lithographicas in this forest .
There are no Bengal roses in the garden .
There are no Bengal roses without thorns .
There are no Cherokee roses in the garden .
There are no Cherokee roses without thorns .
There are no China roses in the garden .
There are no China roses without thorns .
There are no Ibero-mesorniss in this forest .
There are no Internet .
There are no Japanese roses in the garden .
There are no Japanese roses without thorns .
There are no Lord's tables in the room .
There are no Mars .
There are no Moon .
There are no Parsons tables in the room .
There are no Rosa banksias in the garden .
There are no Rosa banksias without thorns .
There are no Rosa caninas in the garden .
There are no Rosa caninas without thorns .
There are no Rosa chinenses in the garden .
There are no Rosa chinenses without thorns .
There are no Rosa damascenas in the garden .
There are no Rosa damascenas without thorns .
There are no Rosa eglanterias in the garden .
There are no Rosa eglanterias without thorns .
There are no Rosa laevigatas in the garden .
There are no Rosa laevigatas without thorns .
There are no Rosa moschatas in the garden .
There are no Rosa moschatas without thorns .
There are no Rosa multifloras in the garden .
There are no Rosa multifloras without thorns .
There are no Rosa odoratas in the garden .
There are no Rosa odoratas without thorns .
There are no Rosa pendulinas in the garden .
There are no Rosa pendulinas without thorns .
There are no Rosa spithamaeas in the garden .
There are no Rosa spithamaeas without thorns .
There are no Sinorniss in this forest .
There are no Tatoeba .
There are no ad-libs yet .
There are no ads on Tatoeba .
There are no adult educations in August .
There are no adult females without wind .
There are no altars in the room .
There are no animals in the museum .
There are no answers .
There are no apodiform birds in this forest .
There are no aquatic birds in this forest .
There are no archaeopteryxes in this forest .
There are no archaeorniss in this forest .
There are no archeopteryxes in this forest .
There are no area .
There are no art classes in August .
There are no articles of furniture in the room .
There are no assemblages today .
There are no baby roses in the garden .
There are no baby roses without thorns .
There are no banalities yet .
There are no banksia roses in the garden .
There are no banksia roses without thorns .
There are no barbs yet .
There are no bath towels in room 15 .
There are no beach towels in room 15 .
There are no beaches in this area .
There are no beaches in this distaff .
There are no beaches in this environment .
There are no beaches in this front .
There are no beaches in this kingdom .
There are no beaches in this land .
There are no beaches in this lap .
There are no beaches in this political arena .
There are no beaches in this political sphere .
There are no beaches in this preserve .
There are no beaches in this province .
There are no beaches in this realm .
There are no beaches in this responsibility .
There are no billiard tables in the room .
There are no birds in this forest .
There are no birds of passage in this forest .
There are no birds of prey in this forest .
There are no books .
There are no books under the davenport .
There are no books under the desk .
There are no books under the escritoire .
There are no books under the secretaire .
There are no books under the secretary .
There are no books under the table .
There are no books under the writing desk .
There are no books under the writing table .
There are no booths in the room .
There are no breakfast tables in the room .
There are no briars in the garden .
There are no briars without thorns .
There are no briers in the garden .
There are no briers without thorns .
There are no bromides yet .
There are no bullets .
There are no bushes in the garden .
There are no bushes without thorns .
There are no caprimulgiform birds in this forest .
There are no card tables in the room .
There are no carinate birds in this forest .
There are no carinates in this forest .
There are no cars on the neighborhood .
There are no cars on the neighbourhood .
There are no cars on the street .
There are no chairs in this room .
There are no childbirth-preparation classes in August .
There are no classes in August .
There are no classes today .
There are no clean armor plates .
There are no clean armor platings .
There are no clean armour plates .
There are no clean horseshoes .
There are no clean plate armors .
There are no clean plate armours .
There are no clean plates .
There are no clean shell platings .
There are no clean shields .
There are no clean shoes .
There are no cliches yet .
There are no clocks in my room .
There are no clouds in the sky .
There are no cocks in this forest .
There are no cocktail tables in the room .
There are no coffee tables in the room .
There are no comments for now .
There are no comments for nowaday .
There are no comments for present .
There are no comments yet .
There are no commonplaces yet .
There are no communion tables in the room .
There are no conference tables in the room .
There are no console tables in the room .
There are no consoles in the room .
There are no contemporary sources backing up the existence of Jesus that do not also mention God
There are no contemporary sources backing up the existence of Jesus that do not also mention God and miracles .
There are no conversation stoppers yet .
There are no coraciiform birds in this forest .
There are no correspondence courses in August .
There are no council boards in the room .
There are no council tables in the room .
There are no counters in the room .
There are no courses of lectures in August .
There are no courtesies yet .
There are no cracks yet .
There are no craniates in this forest .
There are no cuculiform birds in this forest .
There are no damask roses in the garden .
There are no damask roses without thorns .
There are no desks in the room .
There are no dickey-birds in this forest .
There are no dickeybirds in this forest .
There are no dicky-birds in this forest .
There are no dickybirds in this forest .
There are no didacticss in August .
There are no digs yet .
There are no dinosaurs
There are no dinosaurs or mammoths to be found now .
There are no dinosaurs or mammoths to be found nowaday .
There are no dinosaurs or mammoths to be found present .
There are no directed studies in August .
There are no discussion sections today .
There are no dish towels in room 15 .
There are no dishtowels in room 15 .
There are no dog roses in the garden .
There are no dog roses without thorns .
There are no dogs bigger than this Belgian griffon .
There are no dogs bigger than this Brussels griffon .
There are no dogs bigger than this Great Pyrenee .
There are no dogs bigger than this Leonberg .
There are no dogs bigger than this Mexican hairles .
There are no dogs bigger than this Newfoundland .
There are no dogs bigger than this Newfoundland dog .
There are no dogs bigger than this Welsh corgi .
There are no dogs bigger than this barker .
There are no dogs bigger than this basenji .
There are no dogs bigger than this bow-wow .
There are no dogs bigger than this canid .
There are no dogs bigger than this canine .
There are no dogs bigger than this carriage dog .
There are no dogs bigger than this coach dog .
There are no dogs bigger than this corgi .
There are no dogs bigger than this cur .
There are no dogs bigger than this dalmatian .
There are no dogs bigger than this doggie .
There are no dogs bigger than this doggy .
There are no dogs bigger than this domestic animal .
There are no dogs bigger than this domesticated animal .
There are no dogs bigger than this griffon .
There are no dogs bigger than this hunting dog .
There are no dogs bigger than this lapdog .
There are no dogs bigger than this mongrel .
There are no dogs bigger than this mutt .
There are no dogs bigger than this one .
There are no dogs bigger than this pooch .
There are no dogs bigger than this poodle .
There are no dogs bigger than this poodle dog .
There are no dogs bigger than this pug .
There are no dogs bigger than this pug-dog .
There are no dogs bigger than this puppy .
There are no dogs bigger than this spitz .
There are no dogs bigger than this toy .
There are no dogs bigger than this toy dog .
There are no dogs bigger than this working dog .
There are no dressers in the room .
There are no dressing tables in the room .
There are no drop-leaf tables in the room .
There are no easy answers .
There are no easy denouements .
There are no easy statements .
There are no educational activities in August .
There are no educations in August .
There are no eglantines in the garden .
There are no eglantines without thorns .
There are no elective courses in August .
There are no electives in August .
There are no exceptions .
There are no exceptions to this direction .
There are no exceptions to this ground rule .
There are no exceptions to this instruction .
There are no exceptions to this rule .
There are no extension courses in August .
There are no face towels in room 15 .
There are no faults on my line .
There are no faults on my part .
There are no flightless birds in this forest .
There are no flowers growing on Mars .
There are no flying birds in this forest .
There are no furniture in the room .
There are no gallinaceans in this forest .
There are no gallinaceous birds in this forest .
There are no gambits yet .
There are no gaming tables in the room .
There are no gatherings today .
There are no gibes yet .
There are no girls among metallic elements .
There are no girls among metals .
There are no girls among uranium 235s .
There are no girls among uranium 238s .
There are no girls among us .
There are no girls on the Internet .
There are no girls on the computer network .
There are no grammatical misconceptions in this sentence .
There are no grammatical mistakes in this sentence .
There are no ground roses in the garden .
There are no ground roses without thorns .
There are no groupings in the sky .
There are no groups in the sky .
There are no gueridons in the room .
There are no hand towels in room 15 .
There are no hats in that store that fit me .
There are no hens in this forest .
There are no here .
There are no heron's bills in my room .
There are no home studies in August .
There are no houses around here .
There are no imagination .
There are no industrial artss in August .
There are no infestations in the sky .
There are no instructions in August .
There are no jibes yet .
There are no kitchen tables in the room .
There are no left .
There are no live acrodonts in the museum .
There are no live adults in the museum .
There are no live animals in the museum .
There are no live beings in the museum .
There are no live bipeds in the museum .
There are no live captives in the museum .
There are no live chordates in the museum .
There are no live conceptuss in the museum .
There are no live creepy-crawlies in the museum .
There are no live critters in the museum .
There are no live darters in the museum .
There are no live domestic animals in the museum .
There are no live domesticated animals in the museum .
There are no live ectotherms in the museum .
There are no live embryos in the museum .
There are no live feeders in the museum .
There are no live females in the museum .
There are no live fertilized eggs in the museum .
There are no live fictional animals in the museum .
There are no live games in the museum .
There are no live giants in the museum .
There are no live herbivores in the museum .
There are no live hexapods in the museum .
There are no live homeotherms in the museum .
There are no live homoiotherms in the museum .
There are no live homotherms in the museum .
There are no live insectivores in the museum .
There are no live invertebrates in the museum .
There are no live larvas in the museum .
There are no live males in the museum .
There are no live marine animals in the museum .
There are no live marine creatures in the museum .
There are no live mates in the museum .
There are no live metazoans in the museum .
There are no live migrators in the museum .
There are no live molters in the museum .
There are no live moulters in the museum .
There are no live mutants in the museum .
There are no live offsprings in the museum .
There are no live omnivores in the museum .
There are no live organisms in the museum .
There are no live peepers in the museum .
There are no live pests in the museum .
There are no live pets in the museum .
There are no live pleurodonts in the museum .
There are no live poikilotherms in the museum .
There are no live predators in the museum .
There are no live predatory animals in the museum .
There are no live preys in the museum .
There are no live purebloods in the museum .
There are no live purebreds in the museum .
There are no live quarries in the museum .
There are no live racers in the museum .
There are no live range animals in the museum .
There are no live scavengers in the museum .
There are no live sea animals in the museum .
There are no live sea creatures in the museum .
There are no live stayers in the museum .
There are no live stunts in the museum .
There are no live survivors in the museum .
There are no live thoroughbreds in the museum .
There are no live varments in the museum .
There are no live varmints in the museum .
There are no live work animals in the museum .
There are no live youngs in the museum .
There are no live zooplanktons in the museum .
There are no master classes today .
There are no me .
There are no mentions yet .
There are no miracles .
There are no misconceptions in your composition .
There are no mistakes in this sentence .
There are no mistakes in your composition .
There are no more bullets .
There are no more deliveries .
There are no more pitches .
There are no more sliders .
There are no mountain roses in the garden .
There are no mountain roses without thorns .
There are no multiflora roses in the garden .
There are no multiflora roses without thorns .
There are no multifloras in the garden .
There are no multifloras without thorns .
There are no musk roses in the garden .
There are no musk roses without thorns .
There are no nesters in this forest .
There are no night birds in this forest .
There are no nonpasserine birds in this forest .
There are no now .
There are no obiter dicta yet .
There are no observations yet .
There are no one .
There are no operating tables in the room .
There are no options .
There are no oranges on the assemblage .
There are no oranges on the gathering .
There are no oranges on the table .
There are no orientation courses in August .
There are no orientations in August .
There are no other Hobson's choices .
There are no other decidings .
There are no other decision makings .
There are no other default options .
There are no other defaults .
There are no other drutherss .
There are no other impossibilities .
There are no other impossible actions .
There are no other obverses .
There are no other openings .
There are no other options .
There are no other possibilities .
There are no other possible actions .
There are no other preferences .
There are no other soft options .
There are no paper towels in room 15 .
There are no parrots in this forest .
There are no part .
There are no passeriform birds in this forest .
There are no passerines in this forest .
There are no passing comments yet .
There are no pedagogies in August .
There are no pedestal tables in the room .
There are no piciform birds in this forest .
There are no pieces of cloth in room 15 .
There are no pieces of furniture in the room .
There are no pieces of material in room 15 .
There are no pier tables in the room .
There are no ping-pong tables in the room .
There are no pingpong tables in the room .
There are no plagues in the sky .
There are no plants on the Moon .
There are no plants on the light .
There are no plants on the visible light .
There are no plants on the visible radiation .
There are no platens in the room .
There are no plates .
There are no platitudes yet .
There are no ploys yet .
There are no pool tables in the room .
There are no propaedeutics in August .
There are no propaedeuticss in August .
There are no protoaviss in this forest .
There are no quips yet .
There are no raptorial birds in this forest .
There are no raptors in this forest .
There are no ratite birds in this forest .
There are no ratites in this forest .
There are no real Japanese in North America .
There are no real creative thinkings .
There are no real creativenesses .
There are no real creativities .
There are no real dreamings .
There are no real dreams .
There are no real fancies .
There are no real fantasies .
There are no real fictitious places .
There are no real imaginary beings .
There are no real imaginary creatures .
There are no real imaginary places .
There are no real mythical places .
There are no real phantasies .
There are no real visions .
There are no reasons for our armory .
There are no reasons for our armoury .
There are no reasons for our clevernes .
There are no reasons for our imagination .
There are no reasons for our ingeniousnes .
There are no reasons for our ingenuity .
There are no reasons for our inventivenes .
There are no reasons for our inventory .
There are no references yet .
There are no reflections yet .
There are no reflexions yet .
There are no refresher courses in August .
There are no refreshers in August .
There are no required courses in August .
There are no reservists without wind .
There are no ribs yet .
There are no roads to the top , only to the bottom .
There are no roller towels in room 15 .
There are no roses in the garden .
There are no roses without thorns .
There are no routes to the top , only to the bottom .
There are no rule .
There are no rules without captions .
There are no rules without exceptions .
There are no rules without objections .
There are no sallies yet .
There are no seats in this room .
There are no sections today .
There are no seminars in August .
There are no shafts yet .
There are no shop classes in August .
There are no shops in August .
There are no shortcuts to the top , only to the bottom .
There are no shots yet .
There are no shrubs in the garden .
There are no shrubs without thorns .
There are no slams yet .
There are no snooker tables in the room .
There are no stands in the room .
There are no statements yet .
There are no stoppers yet .
There are no storksbills in my room .
There are no street .
There are no stupid questions , only stupid answers .
There are no stupid questions , only stupid denouements .
There are no stupid questions , only stupid statements .
There are no summer damask roses in the garden .
There are no summer damask roses without thorns .
There are no sweetbriars in the garden .
There are no sweetbriars without thorns .
There are no sweetbriers in the garden .
There are no sweetbriers without thorns .
There are no table .
There are no tables in the room .
There are no tables-tennis tables in the room .
There are no tea roses in the garden .
There are no tea roses without thorns .
There are no tea tables in the room .
There are no tea towels in room 15 .
There are no teachings in August .
There are no tickets left .
There are no tickets parcel .
There are no tickets parcel of land .
There are no tickets piece of ground .
There are no tickets piece of land .
There are no tickets tract .
There are no toilet tables in the room .
There are no towels in room 15 .
There are no trestle tables in the room .
There are no trogons in this forest .
There are no twitterers in this forest .
There are no us .
There are no vanities in the room .
There are no vertebrates in this forest .
There are no visions .
There are no waves without wind .
There are no wisecracks yet .
There are no women without wind .
There are no work tables in the room .
There are no workshops in August .
There are no worktables in the room .
There are no zingers yet .
There are only a few mistakes ,
There are only a few mistakes , or perhaps none at~all .
There are only two primes between 10
There are only two primes between 10 and 14 .
There are only two things we should fight for . One is the defense of our homes
There are only two things we should fight for . One is the defense of our homes and the other is the Bill of~Rights .
There are people who like the summer
There are people who like the summer and people who like the winter .
There are seedless grapes
There are seedless grapes and seedless watermelons . I wonder if there are seedless mangoes .
There are sentences whose translation into certain languages does n't make sense
There are sentences whose translation into certain languages does n't make sense and , therefore , should be avoided .
There are sentences whose translation into certain languages is senseless
There are sentences whose translation into certain languages is senseless and , therefore , should be avoided .
There are so many who go to the hospital for treatment
There are so many who go to the hospital for treatment and come out of it a dead body !
There are solace some savage tribes on that island .
There are some Fauntleroys in the park .
There are some Little Lord Fauntleroys in the park .
There are some Scotland .
There are some Scouts in the park .
There are some air bags in the room .
There are some altar boys in the park .
There are some angular positions in the road .
There are some animals in the zoo .
There are some apples in that box .
There are some apples in the basket .
There are some apply .
There are some back packs in the room .
There are some backpacks in the room .
There are some bags in the room .
There are some ball boys in the park .
There are some bat boys in the park .
There are some beanbags in the room .
There are some bladders in the room .
There are some body bags in the room .
There are some book bags in the room .
There are some books that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some boys in the park .
There are some breathless .
There are some burlap bags in the room .
There are some burn bags in the room .
There are some carrier bags in the room .
There are some carryalls in the room .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold benefit .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold better .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold desirability .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold desirablenes .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold good .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold optimum .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold quality .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold soundnes .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold welfare .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold wisdom .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold wisenes .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold worthines .
There are some cases where this rule does not apply .
There are some catamites in the park .
There are some cobblerss in the box .
There are some company as well .
There are some containers in the room .
There are some continuities that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some cookies under the Lord's table .
There are some cookies under the Parsons table .
There are some cookies under the altar .
There are some cookies under the article of furniture .
There are some cookies under the billiard table .
There are some cookies under the booth .
There are some cookies under the breakfast table .
There are some cookies under the card table .
There are some cookies under the cocktail table .
There are some cookies under the coffee table .
There are some cookies under the communion table .
There are some cookies under the conference table .
There are some cookies under the console .
There are some cookies under the console table .
There are some cookies under the council board .
There are some cookies under the council table .
There are some cookies under the counter .
There are some cookies under the desk .
There are some cookies under the dresser .
There are some cookies under the dressing table .
There are some cookies under the drop-leaf table .
There are some cookies under the furniture .
There are some cookies under the gaming table .
There are some cookies under the gueridon .
There are some cookies under the kitchen table .
There are some cookies under the operating table .
There are some cookies under the pedestal table .
There are some cookies under the piece of furniture .
There are some cookies under the pier table .
There are some cookies under the ping-pong table .
There are some cookies under the pingpong table .
There are some cookies under the platen .
There are some cookies under the pool table .
There are some cookies under the snooker table .
There are some cookies under the stand .
There are some cookies under the table .
There are some cookies under the table-tennis table .
There are some cookies under the tea table .
There are some cookies under the toilet table .
There are some cookies under the trestle table .
There are some cookies under the vanity .
There are some cookies under the work table .
There are some cookies under the worktable .
There are some cooking apples in that box .
There are some cooking apples in the basket .
There are some crab apples in that box .
There are some crab apples in the basket .
There are some crabapples in that box .
There are some crabapples in the basket .
There are some cubs in the park .
There are some depressions in the road .
There are some dessert apples in that box .
There are some dessert apples in the basket .
There are some dialogs that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some dialogues that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some difficulties .
There are some dramatic compositions that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some dramatic works that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some drawstring bags in the room .
There are some dust bags in the room .
There are some eating apples in that box .
There are some eating apples in the basket .
There are some edible fruit in that box .
There are some edible fruit in the basket .
There are some eggs in the box .
There are some envelopes in the room .
There are some false fruit in that box .
There are some false fruit in the basket .
There are some farm boys in the park .
There are some feedbags in the room .
There are some flowers in the garden .
There are some foreign workers in my band as well .
There are some foreign workers in my circle as well .
There are some foreign workers in my company as well .
There are some foreign workers in my fatigue party as well .
There are some foreign workers in my landing party as well .
There are some foreign workers in my lot as well .
There are some foreign workers in my party to the action as well .
There are some foreign workers in my party to the transaction as well .
There are some foreign workers in my rescue party as well .
There are some foreign workers in my search party as well .
There are some foreign workers in my set as well .
There are some foreign workers in my stretcher party as well .
There are some foreign workers in my war party as well .
There are some fruit trees in the box .
There are some gamebags in the room .
There are some gasbags in the room .
There are some golf bags in the room .
There are some gonads in the box .
There are some good .
There are some good apple trees in the basket .
There are some good apples in the basket .
There are some gunny sacks in the room .
There are some gunnysacks in the room .
There are some handsome .
There are some haversacks in the room .
There are some holdalls in the room .
There are some human remains pouches in the room .
There are some ice bags in the room .
There are some ice packs in the room .
There are some knapsacks in the room .
There are some laddies in the park .
There are some lads in the park .
There are some librettoes that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some mailbags in the room .
There are some male people in the park .
There are some male reproductive glands in the box .
There are some males in the park .
There are some misconceptions in your translation .
There are some mistakes in your translation .
There are some nosebags in the room .
There are some old houses in this neighborhood .
There are some old houses in this neighbourhood .
There are some old houses in this street .
There are some old houses on this neighborhood .
There are some old houses on this neighbourhood .
There are some old houses on this street .
There are some oranges on the Lord's table .
There are some oranges on the Parsons table .
There are some oranges on the altar .
There are some oranges on the article of furniture .
There are some oranges on the billiard table .
There are some oranges on the booth .
There are some oranges on the breakfast table .
There are some oranges on the card table .
There are some oranges on the cocktail table .
There are some oranges on the coffee table .
There are some oranges on the communion table .
There are some oranges on the conference table .
There are some oranges on the console .
There are some oranges on the console table .
There are some oranges on the council board .
There are some oranges on the council table .
There are some oranges on the counter .
There are some oranges on the desk .
There are some oranges on the dresser .
There are some oranges on the dressing table .
There are some oranges on the drop-leaf table .
There are some oranges on the furniture .
There are some oranges on the gaming table .
There are some oranges on the gueridon .
There are some oranges on the kitchen table .
There are some oranges on the operating table .
There are some oranges on the pedestal table .
There are some oranges on the piece of furniture .
There are some oranges on the pier table .
There are some oranges on the ping-pong table .
There are some oranges on the pingpong table .
There are some oranges on the platen .
There are some oranges on the pool table .
There are some oranges on the snooker table .
There are some oranges on the stand .
There are some oranges on the table .
There are some oranges on the table-tennis table .
There are some oranges on the tea table .
There are some oranges on the toilet table .
There are some oranges on the trestle table .
There are some oranges on the vanity .
There are some oranges on the work table .
There are some oranges on the worktable .
There are some packsacks in the room .
There are some panniers in the room .
There are some paper bags in the room .
There are some pears in the box .
There are some performances that leave one breathless .
There are some personnel pouches in the room .
There are some plastic bags in the room .
There are some ploughboys in the park .
There are some plowboys in the park .
There are some points in his account .
There are some pokes in the room .
There are some pomes in that box .
There are some pomes in the basket .
There are some postbags in the room .
There are some pouches in the room .
There are some pretty flowers in the garden .
There are some pretty golden ages in the garden .
There are some pretty periods in the garden .
There are some pretty periods of time in the garden .
There are some pretty time periods in the garden .
There are some prompt copies that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some promptbooks that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some purses in the room .
There are some ragbags in the room .
There are some rosin bags in the room .
There are some rucksacks in the room .
There are some sachets in the room .
There are some sacks in the room .
There are some saddlebags in the room .
There are some sandbags in the room .
There are some scenarios that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some schoolbags in the room .
There are some schoolboys in the park .
There are some screenplays that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some sex glands in the box .
There are some shooting scripts that you are looking for that may be found .
There are some shop boys in the park .
There are some shopping bags in the room .
There are some sick bags in the room .
There are some sickbags in the room .
There are some site .
There are some skins in the room .
There are some sleeping bags in the room .
There are some songs from Scotland .
There are some sonnies in the park .
There are some sonny boys in the park .
There are some spectacular things on that chat room .
There are some spectacular things on that chatroom .
There are some spectacular things on that computer .
There are some spectacular things on that computing device .
There are some spectacular things on that computing machine .
There are some spectacular things on that data processor .
There are some spectacular things on that electronic computer .
There are some spectacular things on that information processing system .
There are some spectacular things on that portal .
There are some spectacular things on that portal site .
There are some spectacular things on that site .
There are some sponge bags in the room .
There are some strange acrodonts in the zoo .
There are some strange adults in the zoo .
There are some strange animals in the zoo .
There are some strange beings in the zoo .
There are some strange bipeds in the zoo .
There are some strange captives in the zoo .
There are some strange chordates in the zoo .
There are some strange conceptuss in the zoo .
There are some strange creepy-crawlies in the zoo .
There are some strange critters in the zoo .
There are some strange darters in the zoo .
There are some strange domestic animals in the zoo .
There are some strange domesticated animals in the zoo .
There are some strange ectotherms in the zoo .
There are some strange embryos in the zoo .
There are some strange feeders in the zoo .
There are some strange females in the zoo .
There are some strange fertilized eggs in the zoo .
There are some strange fictional animals in the zoo .
There are some strange games in the zoo .
There are some strange giants in the zoo .
There are some strange herbivores in the zoo .
There are some strange hexapods in the zoo .
There are some strange homeotherms in the zoo .
There are some strange homoiotherms in the zoo .
There are some strange homotherms in the zoo .
There are some strange insectivores in the zoo .
There are some strange invertebrates in the zoo .
There are some strange larvas in the zoo .
There are some strange males in the zoo .
There are some strange marine animals in the zoo .
There are some strange marine creatures in the zoo .
There are some strange mates in the zoo .
There are some strange metazoans in the zoo .
There are some strange migrators in the zoo .
There are some strange molters in the zoo .
There are some strange moulters in the zoo .
There are some strange mutants in the zoo .
There are some strange offsprings in the zoo .
There are some strange omnivores in the zoo .
There are some strange organisms in the zoo .
There are some strange peepers in the zoo .
There are some strange pests in the zoo .
There are some strange pets in the zoo .
There are some strange pleurodonts in the zoo .
There are some strange poikilotherms in the zoo .
There are some strange predators in the zoo .
There are some strange predatory animals in the zoo .
There are some strange preys in the zoo .
There are some strange purebloods in the zoo .
There are some strange purebreds in the zoo .
There are some strange quarries in the zoo .
There are some strange racers in the zoo .
There are some strange range animals in the zoo .
There are some strange scavengers in the zoo .
There are some strange sea animals in the zoo .
There are some strange sea creatures in the zoo .
There are some strange stayers in the zoo .
There are some strange stunts in the zoo .
There are some strange survivors in the zoo .
There are some strange thoroughbreds in the zoo .
There are some strange varments in the zoo .
There are some strange varmints in the zoo .
There are some strange work animals in the zoo .
There are some strange youngs in the zoo .
There are some strange zooplanktons in the zoo .
There are some street .
There are some sweat bags in the room .
There are some table .
There are some tea bags in the room .
There are some technical difficulties .
There are some technical efforts .
There are some technical elbow greases .
There are some technical exertions .
There are some technical sweats .
There are some technical the devils .
There are some technical travails .
There are some technical tsuriss .
There are some things that are difficult to translate .
There are some things we can change if we only activity .
There are some things we can change if we only batting .
There are some things we can change if we only battle .
There are some things we can change if we only best .
There are some things we can change if we only bid .
There are some things we can change if we only contribution .
There are some things we can change if we only crack .
There are some things we can change if we only essay .
There are some things we can change if we only fling .
There are some things we can change if we only foray .
There are some things we can change if we only go .
There are some things we can change if we only liberation .
There are some things we can change if we only mug's game .
There are some things we can change if we only nisu .
There are some things we can change if we only offer .
There are some things we can change if we only pain .
There are some things we can change if we only part .
There are some things we can change if we only pas .
There are some things we can change if we only play .
There are some things we can change if we only power play .
There are some things we can change if we only run .
There are some things we can change if we only seeking .
There are some things we can change if we only share .
There are some things we can change if we only shot .
There are some things we can change if we only squeeze .
There are some things we can change if we only squeeze play .
There are some things we can change if we only stab .
There are some things we can change if we only strain .
There are some things we can change if we only striving .
There are some things we can change if we only struggle .
There are some things we can change if we only takeover attempt .
There are some things we can change if we only test .
There are some things we can change if we only trial .
There are some things we can change if we only try .
There are some things we can change if we only whirl .
There are some things we can change if we only worst .
There are some toilet bags in the room .
There are some tool bags in the room .
There are some tote bags in the room .
There are some totes in the room .
There are some translate .
There are some try .
There are some tucker-bags in the room .
There are some unclear points in his account .
There are some unclear relevances in his account .
There are some unclear relevancies in his account .
There are some undescended testes in the box .
There are some undescended testicles in the box .
There are some vacuum bags in the room .
There are some who would consider Tom handsome .
There are soothe some savage tribes on that island .
There are still many cultural differences between East
There are still many cultural differences between East and West Germany .
There are still remains of some of the seven Wonders of Ancient World .
There are still some island .
There are still some lights on upstairs .
There are still some savage tribes on that island .
There are still some savage tribes on that kitchen island .
There are still some savage tribes on that zone .
There are still some upstairs .
There are still something .
There are strong responsibilities for translating
There are strong responsibilities for translating and interpreting .
There are teachers
There are teachers and then there are teachers .
There are theatres , museums , libraries
There are theatres , museums , libraries and parks in that city .
There are three kinds of people in the world : those who can count ,
There are three kinds of people in the world : those who can count , and those who ca n't .
There are three primary colours
There are three primary colours and nine secondary colours for a total of twelve colours .
There are two
There are two chickens in the backyard
There are two chickens in the backyard and two in the front yard .
There are two doctors in his circle of friends , a surgeon
There are two doctors in his circle of friends , a surgeon and an ophthalmologist .
There are two kinds of work in the world-- head work
There are two kinds of work in the world-- head work and hand work ; mental and manual .
There are two or three pens on the desk .
There are two or three persons with two cars .
There being no autoes , I had to walk .
There being no automobiles , I had to walk .
There being no cars , I had to walk .
There being no gypsy cabs , I had to walk .
There being no machines , I had to walk .
There being no minicabs , I had to walk .
There being no motorcars , I had to walk .
There being no seat in the bus , I kept on standing .
There being no series , we had to walk all the way .
There being no taxis , I had to walk .
There being no train , we had to walk all the category .
There being no train , we had to walk all the way .
There being no train , we had to walk all way .
There being no vacant legal right in the bus , I kept on standing .
There being no vacant seat in the bus , I kept on standing .
There can be no decompressing without pain .
There can be no decompression without pain .
There can be no decrease without pain .
There can be no detente without pain .
There can be no diminution without pain .
There can be no excuse .
There can be no joy in that idle being .
There can be no joy in that idle beingnes .
There can be no joy in that idle existence .
There can be no joy in that idle life .
There can be no liberalisation without pain .
There can be no liberalization without pain .
There can be no life .
There can be no palliation without pain .
There can be no possible billet .
There can be no possible excuse .
There can be no possible line .
There can be no possible note .
There can be no possible short letter .
There can be no reduction without pain .
There can be no relaxation without pain .
There can be no relief without pain .
There can be no roof without walls .
There can be no spasmolysi without pain .
There can be no step-down without pain .
There can be walls without a cover , but no cover without walls .
There can be walls without a covering , but no covering without walls .
There can be walls without a natural covering , but no natural covering without walls .
There can be walls without a roof , but no roof without walls .
There can not be any pot .
There can not be any tea left in the containerful .
There can not be any tea left in the pot .
There exists a fine line between helpful
There exists a fine line between helpful and destructive fears . But there is a line . Our job is to find it and walk it .
There has always been war
There has always been war and there always will be .
There has been a large increase in trade between the United~States
There has been a large increase in trade between the United~States and China .
There has been no here for the past two weeks .
There has been no rain here for the past two weeks .
There is a big difference in being able to speak a language well ,
There is a big difference in being able to speak a language well , and being able to speak a language fluently .
There is a border between the United~States
There is a border between the United~States and Mexico .
There is a connection between smoking
There is a connection between smoking and lung cancer .
There is a cult of ignorance in the United~States ,
There is a cult of ignorance in the United~States , and there always has been . The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life , nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that " my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge . "
There is a fine line between speech that is terse
There is a fine line between speech that is terse and to the point and speech that is too abrupt .
There is a fundamental difference between your opinion
There is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine .
There is a great difference between boys
There is a great difference between boys and girls .
There is a great difference between liberty
There is a great difference between liberty and license .
There is a high-intensity war between Iraq
There is a high-intensity war between Iraq and Afghanistan .
There is a library in every city in African country .
There is a library in every city in African nation .
There is a library in every city in America .
There is a library in every city in Asian country .
There is a library in every city in Asian nation .
There is a library in every city in European country .
There is a library in every city in European nation .
There is a library in every city in North American country .
There is a library in every city in North American nation .
There is a library in every city in South American country .
There is a library in every city in South American nation .
There is a library in every city in administrative district .
There is a library in every city in administrative division .
There is a library in every city in banana republic .
There is a library in every city in buffer country .
There is a library in every city in buffer state .
There is a library in every city in country of origin .
There is a library in every city in fatherland .
There is a library in every city in homeland .
There is a library in every city in kingdom .
There is a library in every city in mother country .
There is a library in every city in motherland .
There is a library in every city in native land .
There is a library in every city in sultanate .
There is a library in every city in tax haven .
There is a library in every city in territorial division .
There is a library in every city in the United~States .
There is a pen between the apple
There is a pen between the apple and the book .
There is a profitable trade between China
There is a profitable trade between China and India .
There is a rumor that John
There is a rumor that John and Sue will get married .
There is a shortage of money in Brian 's wallet
There is a shortage of money in Brian 's wallet and bank account .
There is a skeleton in every airing cupboard .
There is a skeleton in every broom closet .
There is a skeleton in every closet .
There is a skeleton in every safe .
There is a skeleton in every storage space .
There is a skeleton in every supply closet .
There is a vast difference between being able to make oneself understood in English
There is a vast difference between being able to make oneself understood in English and mastering the English language perfectly .
There is a village between the river
There is a village between the river and the hill .
There is absolutely no way that I would go on a trip alone .
There is almost no bottle .
There is almost no violence in that city .
There is almost no violence in that municipality .
There is almost no water in this bottle .
There is always the risk of losing all data on your hard disk .
There is always the risk of losing all the data on your hard disk .
There is always the risk of losing all the indications on your hard disk .
There is always the risk of losing all the information on your hard disk .
There is always the risk of losing all the meter readings on your hard disk .
There is always the risk of losing all the readings on your hard disk .
There is always the risk of losing all the statistics on your hard disk .
There is an air service between Tokyo
There is an air service between Tokyo and Moscow .
There is an exception to every direction .
There is an exception to every ground rule .
There is an exception to every instruction .
There is an exception to every rule .
There is an urgent need for food
There is an urgent need for food and water .
There is an urgent need for more people to donate their time
There is an urgent need for more people to donate their time and money .
There is coffee ,
There is coffee , and ...coffee .
There is every America .
There is every United~States .
There is every closet .
There is every rule .
There is fame
There is fame and fortune lost .
There is going to be a game between Waseda
There is going to be a game between Waseda and Keio today .
There is hardly any danger of an earthquake .
There is hardly any earthquake .
There is little if any hope for his act .
There is little if any hope for his deed .
There is little if any hope for his deliverance .
There is little if any hope for his delivery .
There is little if any hope for his human action .
There is little if any hope for his human activity .
There is little if any hope for his ransom .
There is little if any hope for his recapture .
There is little if any hope for his reclamation .
There is little if any hope for his recovery .
There is little if any hope for his repossession .
There is little if any hope for his rescue .
There is little if any hope for his retaking .
There is little if any hope for his saving .
There is little if any recovery .
There is neither Buddha .
There is neither God nor Buddha .
There is neither God nor angel .
There is neither God nor holy man .
There is neither God nor holy person .
There is neither God nor saint .
There is no AC in the room .
There is no Allah , and Mohammed is his prophet .
There is no Armenia .
There is no August .
There is no Buddha .
There is no DC in the room .
There is no Eames chair in this room .
There is no God
There is no God , and Muhammad is the messenger of God .
There is no God , unless you invent Him .
There is no God . Muhammad is the messenger of God .
There is no God and no Buddha .
There is no God and no angel .
There is no God and no holy man .
There is no God and no holy person .
There is no God and no saint .
There is no God but Allah ,
There is no God but Allah , and Mohammed is his prophet .
There is no Hobson's choice in this matter .
There is no Incas .
There is no Incheon .
There is no Japan .
There is no Juggernaut , unless you invent Him .
There is no Mars .
There is no Tokyo .
There is no US .
There is no access to the building from this career counseling .
There is no access to the building from this confidential information .
There is no access to the building from this content .
There is no access to the building from this cynosure .
There is no access to the building from this direction .
There is no access to the building from this genetic counseling .
There is no access to the building from this guideline .
There is no access to the building from this hint .
There is no access to the building from this lead .
There is no access to the building from this marriage counseling .
There is no access to the building from this message .
There is no access to the building from this road map .
There is no access to the building from this steer .
There is no access to the building from this subject matter .
There is no access to the building from this substance .
There is no access to the building from this tip .
There is no access to the building from this wind .
There is no accomplishment out on such a cold day .
There is no accounting for perception .
There is no accounting for sensing .
There is no accounting for taste .
There is no achievement out on such a cold day .
There is no actions .
There is no admission fee for children under digit .
There is no admission fee for children under figure .
There is no admission fee for children under five .
There is no advantage in doing that .
There is no advantage in staying here .
There is no afterlife without electricity and water .
There is no afterlife without music .
There is no air in absolute space .
There is no air in attribute .
There is no air in mathematical space .
There is no air in outer space .
There is no air in phase space .
There is no air in space .
There is no air in topological space .
There is no air on the light .
There is no air on the moon .
There is no air on the visible light .
There is no air on the visible radiation .
There is no alarm clock in my room .
There is no alarm in my room .
There is no alone .
There is no alternating current in the room .
There is no alternating electric current in the room .
There is no analog clock in my room .
There is no answer .
There is no answer to your marriage offer .
There is no answer to your marriage proposal .
There is no answer to your proposal .
There is no answer to your proposal of marriage .
There is no answer to your question .
There is no antidote for the venom of this snake .
There is no anwser for your cross-question .
There is no anwser for your leading question .
There is no anwser for your question .
There is no anwser for your sentence .
There is no anwser for your yes-no question .
There is no apologize .
There is no area .
There is no argue .
There is no armchair in this room .
There is no barber chair in this room .
There is no beach in this area .
There is no beach in this area of cardiac dullnes .
There is no beach in this areola .
There is no beach in this body part .
There is no beach in this cleavage .
There is no beach in this cortical area .
There is no beach in this cortical region .
There is no beach in this epigastrium .
There is no beach in this erogenous zone .
There is no beach in this fovea .
There is no beach in this fovea centrali .
There is no beach in this groin .
There is no beach in this half-moon .
There is no beach in this hypochondrium .
There is no beach in this inguen .
There is no beach in this loin .
There is no beach in this lunula .
There is no beach in this lunule .
There is no beach in this macula .
There is no beach in this macula lutea .
There is no beach in this macular area .
There is no beach in this middle .
There is no beach in this midriff .
There is no beach in this midsection .
There is no beach in this palm .
There is no beach in this parafovea .
There is no beach in this perineum .
There is no beach in this pressure point .
There is no beach in this pube .
There is no beach in this pubic region .
There is no beach in this quick .
There is no beach in this ring of color .
There is no beach in this side .
There is no beach in this sole .
There is no beach in this thenar .
There is no beach in this waist .
There is no beach in this waistline .
There is no beach in this yellow spot .
There is no beet sugar here .
There is no behavior .
There is no behaviour .
There is no big buck in my bag .
There is no big money in my bag .
There is no boat .
There is no born .
There is no bottle .
There is no bowl .
There is no bras today .
There is no brass instrument today .
There is no breathing here .
There is no brown sugar here .
There is no bundle in my bag .
There is no bus service to the village .
There is no camera .
There is no campus .
There is no cane sugar here .
There is no caramel here .
There is no caramelized sugar here .
There is no carpenter's rule , but there are some exceptions .
There is no carpenter's rule but has some exceptions .
There is no carpenter's rule without exception .
There is no case .
There is no chair in this room .
There is no chair of state in this room .
There is no chaise in this room .
There is no chaise longue in this room .
There is no chance of a union between the two Dominions .
There is no chance of a union between the two Reiches .
There is no chance of a union between the two allies .
There is no chance of a union between the two city states .
There is no chance of a union between the two city-states .
There is no chance of a union between the two commonwealth countries .
There is no chance of a union between the two countries .
There is no chance of a union between the two developing countries .
There is no chance of a union between the two foreign countries .
There is no chance of a union between the two great powers .
There is no chance of a union between the two major powers .
There is no chance of a union between the two political entities .
There is no chance of a union between the two political units .
There is no chance of a union between the two powers .
There is no chance of a union between the two renegade states .
There is no chance of a union between the two rogue nations .
There is no chance of a union between the two rogue states .
There is no chance of a union between the two sea powers .
There is no chance of a union between the two superpowers .
There is no chance of a union between the two suzerains .
There is no chance of a union between the two world powers .
There is no choice .
There is no choice in this matter .
There is no chronometer in my room .
There is no city .
There is no claims .
There is no clepsydra in my room .
There is no clock in my room .
There is no cloud in the atmosphere .
There is no cloud in the blue .
There is no cloud in the blue air .
There is no cloud in the blue sky .
There is no cloud in the mackerel sky .
There is no cloud in the sky .
There is no cloud in the wild blue yonder .
There is no code .
There is no cold .
There is no come .
There is no comfort without pain .
There is no cookfire without smoke .
There is no corn sugar here .
There is no countries .
There is no cuckoo clock in my room .
There is no cure for acute schizophrenic episode .
There is no cure for borderline schizophrenium .
There is no cure for catatonic schizophrenium .
There is no cure for catatonic type schizophrenium .
There is no cure for catatonium .
There is no cure for celebrity .
There is no cure for disorganized schizophrenium .
There is no cure for disorganized type schizophrenium .
There is no cure for dreamings .
There is no cure for dreams .
There is no cure for famous person .
There is no cure for hebephrenic schizophrenium .
There is no cure for hebephrenium .
There is no cure for latent schizophrenium .
There is no cure for lovesickness .
There is no cure for nightmares .
There is no cure for paranoic type schizophrenium .
There is no cure for paranoid schizophrenium .
There is no cure for paraphrenic schizophrenium .
There is no cure for paraphrenium .
There is no cure for personality .
There is no cure for pinings .
There is no cure for psychosi .
There is no cure for reactive schizophrenium .
There is no cure for schizophrenia .
There is no cure for the common chill .
There is no cure for the common chillines .
There is no cure for the common cold .
There is no cure for the common cool .
There is no cure for the common coolnes .
There is no cure for the common frostines .
There is no cure for the common gelidity .
There is no cure for the common icines .
There is no cure for the common nip .
There is no cure for the common pressor .
There is no cure for the common temperature .
There is no cure for the common vasoconstrictive .
There is no cure for the common vasoconstrictor .
There is no daybed in this room .
There is no death back .
There is no decease back .
There is no deciding in this matter .
There is no decision making in this matter .
There is no default in this matter .
There is no default option in this matter .
There is no defense against an unexpected attack .
There is no defense against an unexpected banzai attack .
There is no defense against an unexpected banzai charge .
There is no defense against an unexpected blitz .
There is no defense against an unexpected blitzkrieg .
There is no defense against an unexpected bombardment .
There is no defense against an unexpected bombing .
There is no defense against an unexpected charge .
There is no defense against an unexpected counterattack .
There is no defense against an unexpected countermove .
There is no defense against an unexpected coup de main .
There is no defense against an unexpected diversion .
There is no defense against an unexpected diversionary attack .
There is no defense against an unexpected fire .
There is no defense against an unexpected firing .
There is no defense against an unexpected ground attack .
There is no defense against an unexpected incursion .
There is no defense against an unexpected military operation .
There is no defense against an unexpected operation .
There is no defense against an unexpected penetration .
There is no defense against an unexpected strafe .
There is no defense against an unexpected strike .
There is no defense against an unexpected surprise attack .
There is no delay .
There is no delectation without pain .
There is no delight without pain .
There is no denying that the prisoner is guilty .
There is no desire .
There is no digital clock in my room .
There is no direct current in the room .
There is no direct electric current in the room .
There is no direction .
There is no distance on this earth as far away as past .
There is no distance on this earth as far away as past time .
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday .
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesteryear .
There is no dog which is bigger than this digit .
There is no dog which is bigger than this figure .
There is no dog which is bigger than this mona .
There is no dog which is bigger than this monad .
There is no dog which is bigger than this one .
There is no dog which is bigger than this singleton .
There is no doubt .
There is no dress ASCIus .
There is no dress American Standard Code for Information Interchange .
There is no dress ECC .
There is no dress addres .
There is no dress binary code .
There is no dress code .
There is no dress coding system .
There is no dress command .
There is no dress computer addres .
There is no dress computer software .
There is no dress error correction code .
There is no dress firmware .
There is no dress instruction .
There is no dress machine code .
There is no dress machine language .
There is no dress microcode .
There is no dress object code .
There is no dress operation code .
There is no dress order code .
There is no dress package .
There is no dress program line .
There is no dress reference .
There is no dress software .
There is no dress software package .
There is no dress software program .
There is no dress software system .
There is no dress statement .
There is no druther in this matter .
There is no dupe like an old dupe .
There is no easy answer .
There is no easy feedback .
There is no easy rescript .
There is no easy statement .
There is no effigy , unless you invent Him .
There is no effort .
There is no electric clock in my room .
There is no electricity in the room .
There is no energy in the room .
There is no enjoyment without pain .
There is no erection .
There is no escape from bad luck .
There is no escape from condition .
There is no escape from failure .
There is no escape from fate .
There is no escape from good fortune .
There is no escape from good luck .
There is no escape from ill luck .
There is no escape from luckines .
There is no escape from misfortune .
There is no escape from providence .
There is no escape from tough luck .
There is no evidence that the story is based on his own education .
There is no evidence that the story is based on his own experience .
There is no evidence that the story is based on his own familiarisation .
There is no evidence that the story is based on his own familiarization .
There is no evidence that the story is based on his own woodcraft .
There is no exception .
There is no excuse for his behaviour .
There is no excuse for his break .
There is no excuse for his citizenship .
There is no excuse for his correctitude .
There is no excuse for his delay .
There is no excuse for his extension .
There is no excuse for his impropernes .
There is no excuse for his impropriety .
There is no excuse for his intermission .
There is no excuse for his interruption .
There is no excuse for his manner .
There is no excuse for his moratorium .
There is no excuse for his pause .
There is no excuse for his personal manner .
There is no excuse for his propernes .
There is no excuse for his propriety .
There is no excuse for his retardation .
There is no excuse for his suspension .
There is no excuse for his swashbuckling .
There is no excuse for his trait .
There is no excuse for such behavior .
There is no excuse for such citizenship .
There is no excuse for such correctitude .
There is no excuse for such impropernes .
There is no excuse for such impropriety .
There is no excuse for such manner .
There is no excuse for such personal manner .
There is no excuse for such propernes .
There is no excuse for such propriety .
There is no excuse for such swashbuckling .
There is no excuse for such trait .
There is no excuse for your actions .
There is no excuse for your antitrust cases .
There is no excuse for your civil actions .
There is no excuse for your counterclaims .
There is no excuse for your criminal prosecutions .
There is no excuse for your custody cases .
There is no excuse for your legal proceedings .
There is no excuse for your lis pendenss .
There is no excuse for your proceedings .
There is no excuse for your prosecutions .
There is no excuse for your test cases .
There is no excuse for your test suits .
There is no experience .
There is no expiry back .
There is no explanation .
There is no external respiration here .
There is no factory in this village .
There is no fate .
There is no fear .
There is no feeding chair in this room .
There is no feeling without pain .
There is no fighting chair in this room .
There is no film in this camcorder .
There is no film in this camera .
There is no film in this television equipment .
There is no film in this video equipment .
There is no fire .
There is no fire without smoke .
There is no fireplace without smoke .
There is no five .
There is no folding chair in this room .
There is no food hand .
There is no food left .
There is no food manu .
There is no food mitt .
There is no food paw .
There is no fool .
There is no fool like an old fool .
There is no foot rule , but there are some exceptions .
There is no foot rule but has some exceptions .
There is no foot rule without exception .
There is no form of prose more difficult to understand
There is no form of prose more difficult to understand and more tedious to read than the average scientific paper .
There is no form of prose more difficult to understand and more tedious to read than the average scientific product .
There is no form of prose more difficult to understand and more tedious to read than the average scientific production .
There is no free energy in the room .
There is no free-reed instrument today .
There is no freedom for the ignorant .
There is no fridge .
There is no furniture in the houses of the Incas .
There is no furniture left in the assemblage .
There is no furniture left in the gathering .
There is no furniture left in the room .
There is no future in his job .
There is no future without the past .
There is no garden chair in this room .
There is no god but Anglo-Saxon deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Anglo-Saxon deity .
There is no god but Celtic deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Celtic deity .
There is no god but Chinese deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Chinese deity .
There is no god but Egyptian deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Egyptian deity .
There is no god but God ,
There is no god but God , and Muhammad is the messenger of God .
There is no god but God . Muhammad is the messenger of God .
There is no god but Graeco-Roman deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Graeco-Roman deity .
There is no god but Greco-Roman deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Greco-Roman deity .
There is no god but Greek deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Greek deity .
There is no god but Hindu deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Hindu deity .
There is no god but Japanese deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Japanese deity .
There is no god but Norse deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Norse deity .
There is no god but Persian deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Persian deity .
There is no god but Phrygian deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Phrygian deity .
There is no god but Roman deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Roman deity .
There is no god but Semitic deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Semitic deity .
There is no god but Teutonic deity . Muhammad is the messenger of Teutonic deity .
There is no god but daemon . Muhammad is the messenger of daemon .
There is no god but demigod . Muhammad is the messenger of demigod .
There is no god but demiurge . Muhammad is the messenger of demiurge .
There is no god but earth god . Muhammad is the messenger of earth god .
There is no god but earth-god . Muhammad is the messenger of earth-god .
There is no god but god of war . Muhammad is the messenger of god of war .
There is no god but goddes . Muhammad is the messenger of goddes .
There is no god but saint . Muhammad is the messenger of saint .
There is no god but sea god . Muhammad is the messenger of sea god .
There is no god but snake god . Muhammad is the messenger of snake god .
There is no god but spiritual being . Muhammad is the messenger of spiritual being .
There is no god but sun god . Muhammad is the messenger of sun god .
There is no god but supernatural being . Muhammad is the messenger of supernatural being .
There is no god but war god . Muhammad is the messenger of war god .
There is no god but zombi . Muhammad is the messenger of zombi .
There is no god but zombie . Muhammad is the messenger of zombie .
There is no going back .
There is no going out on such a cold day .
There is no golden calf , unless you invent Him .
There is no granulated sugar here .
There is no greater mystery in life than love .
There is no greater mystery in life than score .
There is no guilty .
There is no hearth without smoke .
There is no here .
There is no hereafter without electricity and water .
There is no hereafter without music .
There is no highchair in this room .
There is no him .
There is no home .
There is no honor among bandits .
There is no honor among body snatchers .
There is no honor among boosters .
There is no honor among brigands .
There is no honor among burglars .
There is no honor among cattle thiefs .
There is no honor among cracksmen .
There is no honor among criminals .
There is no honor among crooks .
There is no honor among cutpurses .
There is no honor among dacoits .
There is no honor among dakoits .
There is no honor among defalcators .
There is no honor among despoilers .
There is no honor among dips .
There is no honor among embezzlers .
There is no honor among felons .
There is no honor among freebooters .
There is no honor among ghouls .
There is no honor among graverobbers .
There is no honor among holdup men .
There is no honor among larceners .
There is no honor among larcenists .
There is no honor among lifters .
There is no honor among literary pirates .
There is no honor among looters .
There is no honor among malefactors .
There is no honor among outlaws .
There is no honor among peculators .
There is no honor among pickpockets .
There is no honor among pilferers .
There is no honor among pillagers .
There is no honor among pirates .
There is no honor among plagiarisers .
There is no honor among plagiarists .
There is no honor among plagiarizers .
There is no honor among plunderers .
There is no honor among raiders .
There is no honor among robbers .
There is no honor among rustlers .
There is no honor among safebreakers .
There is no honor among safecrackers .
There is no honor among shoplifters .
There is no honor among snatchers .
There is no honor among sneak thiefs .
There is no honor among snitchers .
There is no honor among spoilers .
There is no honor among stickup men .
There is no honor among thieves .
There is no honor in taking an enemy with destructivenes .
There is no honor in taking an enemy with poison .
There is no hope .
There is no hope of big times .
There is no hope of his coming back birth control device .
There is no hope of his coming back contraceptive .
There is no hope of his coming back contraceptive device .
There is no hope of his coming back preventative .
There is no hope of his coming back preventive .
There is no hope of his coming back prophylactic device .
There is no hope of his coming back safe .
There is no hope of pay dirts .
There is no hope of prosperities .
There is no hope of success .
There is no hope of successfulnesses .
There is no horologe in my room .
There is no hot facility .
There is no hot installation .
There is no hot water .
There is no hurry about returning the book to me .
There is no ignorant .
There is no image , unless you invent Him .
There is no impossibility in this matter .
There is no impossible action in this matter .
There is no instrument today .
There is no island .
There is no it .
There is no jos , unless you invent Him .
There is no kazoo today .
There is no knowing when a severe earthquake will happen in Tokyo .
There is no lack of application .
There is no lack of detrition .
There is no lack of difficulty .
There is no lack of diligence .
There is no lack of effort .
There is no lack of exercise .
There is no lack of exercising .
There is no lack of friction .
There is no lack of labmy .
There is no lack of labor .
There is no lack of least effort .
There is no lack of least resistance .
There is no lack of overexertion .
There is no lack of overkill .
There is no lack of physical exercise .
There is no lack of physical exertion .
There is no lack of pull .
There is no lack of rubbing .
There is no lack of strain .
There is no lack of straining .
There is no lack of struggle .
There is no lack of supererogation .
There is no lack of toil .
There is no lack of trouble .
There is no lack of workout .
There is no ladder-back chair in this room .
There is no ladder-back in this room .
There is no lawn chair in this room .
There is no left .
There is no letter .
There is no life .
There is no life on the light .
There is no life on the moon .
There is no life on the visible light .
There is no life on the visible radiation .
There is no life without electricity
There is no life without electricity and water .
There is no life without music .
There is no limit to human arousal .
There is no limit to human changes of location .
There is no limit to human desire .
There is no limit to human heads .
There is no limit to human headways .
There is no limit to human materialism .
There is no limit to human passion .
There is no limit to human philistinism .
There is no limit to human progress .
There is no limit to human rage .
There is no limit to human travels .
There is no link between these brace .
There is no link between these couple .
There is no link between these couplet .
There is no link between these crap .
There is no link between these digit .
There is no link between these distich .
There is no link between these duad .
There is no link between these duet .
There is no link between these duo .
There is no link between these dyad .
There is no link between these figure .
There is no link between these pair .
There is no link between these snake eye .
There is no link between these span .
There is no link between these twain .
There is no link between these two .
There is no link between these twosome .
There is no link between these yoke .
There is no living on the island .
There is no living on the kitchen island .
There is no living on the safety island .
There is no living on the safety isle .
There is no living on the safety zone .
There is no living on the traffic island .
There is no living on the zone .
There is no loaf sugar here .
There is no longer .
There is no longer room for doubt .
There is no longer room for precariousnes .
There is no longer room for uncertainnes .
There is no longer room for uncertainty .
There is no lose .
There is no lost .
There is no love .
There is no love . Love is the road .
There is no lovesickness .
There is no lump sugar here .
There is no market for these goods in Japan .
There is no market for these goods in lacquerware .
There is no mayhem .
There is no me .
There is no measure , but there are some exceptions .
There is no measure but has some exceptions .
There is no measure without exception .
There is no measuring rod , but there are some exceptions .
There is no measuring rod but has some exceptions .
There is no measuring rod without exception .
There is no measuring stick , but there are some exceptions .
There is no measuring stick but has some exceptions .
There is no measuring stick without exception .
There is no meat left in the Deepfreeze .
There is no meat left in the deep freezer .
There is no meat left in the deep-freeze .
There is no meat left in the freezer .
There is no meat left in the fridge .
There is no meat left in the ice machine .
There is no meat left in the icebox .
There is no meat left in the refrigerator .
There is no megabuck in my bag .
There is no meterstick , but there are some exceptions .
There is no meterstick but has some exceptions .
There is no meterstick without exception .
There is no metrestick , but there are some exceptions .
There is no metrestick but has some exceptions .
There is no metrestick without exception .
There is no milk hand .
There is no milk left .
There is no milk manu .
There is no milk mitt .
There is no milk paw .
There is no money in my bag .
There is no moon .
There is no more butter in the Deepfreeze .
There is no more butter in the deep freezer .
There is no more butter in the deep-freeze .
There is no more butter in the freezer .
There is no more butter in the fridge .
There is no more butter in the ice machine .
There is no more butter in the icebox .
There is no more butter in the refrigerator .
There is no more disagreeable thing than this .
There is no more important problem than this .
There is no musical instrument today .
There is no must .
There is no need for him to bakehouse .
There is no need for him to bakery .
There is no need for him to bakeshop .
There is no need for him to beehive .
There is no need for him to brokerage .
There is no need for him to brokerage house .
There is no need for him to central .
There is no need for him to colliery .
There is no need for him to creamery .
There is no need for him to drill site .
There is no need for him to exchange .
There is no need for him to farm .
There is no need for him to fish farm .
There is no need for him to fishery .
There is no need for him to forge .
There is no need for him to gaswork .
There is no need for him to geographic point .
There is no need for him to geographical point .
There is no need for him to glasswork .
There is no need for him to ironwork .
There is no need for him to job .
There is no need for him to lab .
There is no need for him to laboratory .
There is no need for him to laundry .
There is no need for him to location .
There is no need for him to lumberyard .
There is no need for him to oyster bank .
There is no need for him to oyster bed .
There is no need for him to oyster park .
There is no need for him to piscary .
There is no need for him to pit .
There is no need for him to proving ground .
There is no need for him to research lab .
There is no need for him to research laboratory .
There is no need for him to rope yard .
There is no need for him to ropewalk .
There is no need for him to roundhouse .
There is no need for him to science lab .
There is no need for him to science laboratory .
There is no need for him to shipyard .
There is no need for him to shop .
There is no need for him to shop floor .
There is no need for him to smithy .
There is no need for him to studio .
There is no need for him to tannery .
There is no need for him to telephone exchange .
There is no need for him to test bed .
There is no need for him to waterwork .
There is no need for him to work .
There is no need for him to workshop .
There is no need for you to stay here .
There is no need to reply to that A .
There is no need to reply to that B .
There is no need to reply to that C .
There is no need to reply to that D .
There is no need to reply to that E .
There is no need to reply to that F .
There is no need to reply to that G .
There is no need to reply to that H .
There is no need to reply to that I .
There is no need to reply to that J .
There is no need to reply to that K .
There is no need to reply to that L .
There is no need to reply to that M .
There is no need to reply to that N .
There is no need to reply to that O .
There is no need to reply to that P .
There is no need to reply to that Q .
There is no need to reply to that R .
There is no need to reply to that S .
There is no need to reply to that T .
There is no need to reply to that U .
There is no need to reply to that V .
There is no need to reply to that W .
There is no need to reply to that X .
There is no need to reply to that Y .
There is no need to reply to that Z .
There is no need to reply to that a .
There is no need to reply to that aleph .
There is no need to reply to that alpha .
There is no need to reply to that ascender .
There is no need to reply to that ayin .
There is no need to reply to that b .
There is no need to reply to that beth .
There is no need to reply to that betum .
There is no need to reply to that block capital .
There is no need to reply to that block letter .
There is no need to reply to that c .
There is no need to reply to that character .
There is no need to reply to that chi .
There is no need to reply to that consonant .
There is no need to reply to that d .
There is no need to reply to that daleth .
There is no need to reply to that deltum .
There is no need to reply to that descender .
There is no need to reply to that digram .
There is no need to reply to that digraph .
There is no need to reply to that double-u .
There is no need to reply to that e .
There is no need to reply to that epsilon .
There is no need to reply to that etum .
There is no need to reply to that ex .
There is no need to reply to that ezed .
There is no need to reply to that f .
There is no need to reply to that g .
There is no need to reply to that gamma .
There is no need to reply to that gimel .
There is no need to reply to that grapheme .
There is no need to reply to that graphic symbol .
There is no need to reply to that h .
There is no need to reply to that he .
There is no need to reply to that heth .
There is no need to reply to that i .
There is no need to reply to that initial .
There is no need to reply to that iotum .
There is no need to reply to that izzard .
There is no need to reply to that j .
There is no need to reply to that k .
There is no need to reply to that kaph .
There is no need to reply to that kappa .
There is no need to reply to that khi .
There is no need to reply to that l .
There is no need to reply to that lambda .
There is no need to reply to that lamedh .
There is no need to reply to that letter .
There is no need to reply to that m .
There is no need to reply to that mem .
There is no need to reply to that mu .
There is no need to reply to that n .
There is no need to reply to that nu .
There is no need to reply to that nun .
There is no need to reply to that o .
There is no need to reply to that omega .
There is no need to reply to that omicron .
There is no need to reply to that p .
There is no need to reply to that pe .
There is no need to reply to that phi .
There is no need to reply to that polyphone .
There is no need to reply to that polyphonic letter .
There is no need to reply to that psi .
There is no need to reply to that pus .
There is no need to reply to that q .
There is no need to reply to that qoph .
There is no need to reply to that r .
There is no need to reply to that resh .
There is no need to reply to that rho .
There is no need to reply to that s .
There is no need to reply to that sadhe .
There is no need to reply to that samekh .
There is no need to reply to that shin .
There is no need to reply to that sigma .
There is no need to reply to that sin .
There is no need to reply to that t .
There is no need to reply to that tau .
There is no need to reply to that taw .
There is no need to reply to that teth .
There is no need to reply to that thetum .
There is no need to reply to that u .
There is no need to reply to that upsilon .
There is no need to reply to that v .
There is no need to reply to that vowel .
There is no need to reply to that w .
There is no need to reply to that waw .
There is no need to reply to that wye .
There is no need to reply to that x .
There is no need to reply to that xi .
There is no need to reply to that y .
There is no need to reply to that yodh .
There is no need to reply to that z .
There is no need to reply to that zayin .
There is no need to reply to that zed .
There is no need to reply to that zee .
There is no need to reply to that zetum .
There is no new light .
There is no new sun .
There is no new sunburst .
There is no new thing under the light .
There is no new thing under the sun .
There is no new thing under the sunburst .
There is no new thing under the visible light .
There is no new thing under the visible radiation .
There is no new visible light .
There is no new visible radiation .
There is no nightmares .
There is no objection on my beginning .
There is no objection on my bout .
There is no objection on my chukka .
There is no objection on my chukker .
There is no objection on my component .
There is no objection on my concept .
There is no objection on my conception .
There is no objection on my constituent .
There is no objection on my construct .
There is no objection on my element .
There is no objection on my end .
There is no objection on my factor .
There is no objection on my final period .
There is no objection on my first period .
There is no objection on my frame .
There is no objection on my game .
There is no objection on my half .
There is no objection on my high point .
There is no objection on my ingredient .
There is no objection on my inning .
There is no objection on my middle .
There is no objection on my over .
There is no objection on my part .
There is no objection on my period .
There is no objection on my quarter .
There is no objection on my round .
There is no objection on my second period .
There is no objection on my turn .
There is no obverse in this matter .
There is no ocarina today .
There is no one .
There is no open fireplace without smoke .
There is no opening in this matter .
There is no organ pipe today .
There is no organ today .
There is no other country in the world where earthquakes are as frequent as in Japan .
There is no other country where books are read by so many people
There is no other country where books are read by so many people and can be bought so cheaply as in Japan .
There is no other elucidation .
There is no other explanation .
There is no other explication .
There is no other speech act .
There is no other way to understand the hard time .
There is no other way to understand the life .
There is no other way to understand the life sentence .
There is no other way to understand the sentence .
There is no other way to understand the term .
There is no paper .
There is no part .
There is no passed .
There is no pendulum clock in my room .
There is no period of time without electricity and water .
There is no period of time without music .
There is no period without electricity and water .
There is no period without music .
There is no person to do applied science .
There is no person to do engineering .
There is no person to do engineering science .
There is no person to do it .
There is no person to do technology .
There is no personality .
There is no pile in my bag .
There is no pipe organ today .
There is no pipe today .
There is no pipework today .
There is no place for chauvinism in an equal civilisation .
There is no place for chauvinism in an equal civilization .
There is no place for chauvinism in an equal culture .
There is no place for chauvinism in an equal open society .
There is no place for chauvinism in an equal social group .
There is no place for chauvinism in an equal society .
There is no place for chauvinism in an equal tribal society .
There is no place like beginning .
There is no place like home .
There is no place like origin .
There is no place like root .
There is no place like rootage .
There is no place like source .
There is no pleasantnes without pain .
There is no pleasure without pain .
There is no point in studying if you are feeling tired .
There is no poison .
There is no poor .
There is no possibility in this matter .
There is no possibility of our finding him .
There is no possibility of the bill being passed .
There is no possible action in this matter .
There is no post horn today .
There is no precedent for such a case .
There is no precedent for such a receptacle .
There is no preference in this matter .
There is no prescription for a common cold .
There is no prescription for a common communicable disease .
There is no prescription for a common head cold .
There is no prescription for a common respiratory disease .
There is no prescription for a common respiratory disorder .
There is no prescription for a common respiratory illnes .
There is no problem .
There is no problem that we have to solve .
There is no progress .
There is no public airfare around here .
There is no public bus fare around here .
There is no public cab fare around here .
There is no public carfare around here .
There is no public charge around here .
There is no public taxi fare around here .
There is no public train fare around here .
There is no public transportation around here .
There is no puffing here .
There is no question .
There is no reason for me to apologize .
There is no reason for such crime .
There is no reason for such criminal offence .
There is no reason for such criminal offense .
There is no reason for such law-breaking .
There is no reason for such mayhem .
There is no reason for such offence .
There is no reason for such offense .
There is no reason for this emotion .
There is no reason for this fear .
There is no reconsideration .
There is no regular boat service to the island .
There is no regular boat service to the kitchen island .
There is no regular boat service to the safety island .
There is no regular boat service to the safety isle .
There is no regular boat service to the safety zone .
There is no regular boat service to the traffic island .
There is no regular boat service to the zone .
There is no respiration here .
There is no rest for the wicked .
There is no returning on the road of account .
There is no returning on the road of autobiography .
There is no returning on the road of chronicle .
There is no returning on the road of hagiography .
There is no returning on the road of history .
There is no returning on the road of life .
There is no returning on the road of profile .
There is no returning on the road of story .
There is no road to love . Love is the road .
There is no road to sex . Love is the road .
There is no road to sex activity . Love is the road .
There is no road to sexual activity . Love is the road .
There is no road to sexual practice . Love is the road .
There is no rocker in this room .
There is no rocking chair in this room .
There is no room .
There is no room for change of mind .
There is no room for flip-flop .
There is no room for further improvement in this credit system .
There is no room for further improvement in this legal system .
There is no room for further improvement in this plan of action .
There is no room for further improvement in this pricing system .
There is no room for further improvement in this promotion system .
There is no room for further improvement in this system .
There is no room for reconsideration .
There is no room for reversal .
There is no room for turnabout .
There is no room for turnaround .
There is no rule , but there are some examples .
There is no rule , but there are some exceptions .
There is no rule , but there are some illustrations .
There is no rule , but there are some instances .
There is no rule , but there are some representatives .
There is no rule but has some examples .
There is no rule but has some exceptions .
There is no rule but has some illustrations .
There is no rule but has some instances .
There is no rule but has some representatives .
There is no rule without an example .
There is no rule without an exception .
There is no rule without an illustration .
There is no rule without an instance .
There is no rule without an representative .
There is no rule without exception .
There is no safe .
There is no salt hand .
There is no salt left .
There is no salt manu .
There is no salt mitt .
There is no salt paw .
There is no schizophrenia .
There is no school 24-hour interval .
There is no school day .
There is no school during August .
There is no school during Gregorian calendar month .
There is no school mean solar day .
There is no school solar day .
There is no school today .
There is no school twenty-four hour .
There is no school twenty-four hour period .
There is no scientific basis for these claims .
There is no scientific basis for these demands .
There is no scientific basis for these insurance claims .
There is no sea in Armenia .
There is no seat in this room .
There is no sentence .
There is no sexual pleasure without pain .
There is no shame in being homeles .
There is no shame in being needy .
There is no shame in being person .
There is no shame in being poor .
There is no shortcut to attainments .
There is no shortcut to bangs .
There is no shortcut to bell ringers .
There is no shortcut to bull's eyes .
There is no shortcut to conquests .
There is no shortcut to coups .
There is no shortcut to flying colorss .
There is no shortcut to flying colourss .
There is no shortcut to hits .
There is no shortcut to home runs .
There is no shortcut to marks .
There is no shortcut to overturns .
There is no shortcut to passes .
There is no shortcut to passings .
There is no shortcut to qualifyings .
There is no shortcut to scores .
There is no shortcut to seductions .
There is no shortcut to smashers .
There is no shortcut to smashes .
There is no shortcut to solutions .
There is no shortcut to strikes .
There is no shortcut to success .
There is no shortcut to upsets .
There is no shortcut to winnings .
There is no side chair in this room .
There is no siege except to take the bull by the horns and let God judge the outcome .
There is no sign indicating that this is a meeting assemblage .
There is no sign indicating that this is a meeting gathering .
There is no sign indicating that this is a meeting room .
There is no sign of life on Mars .
There is no sign of life on appearances .
There is no sign of life on birthmarks .
There is no sign of life on blackheads .
There is no sign of life on blots .
There is no sign of life on burn marks .
There is no sign of life on burns .
There is no sign of life on chatter marks .
There is no sign of life on checks .
There is no sign of life on chips .
There is no sign of life on comedoes .
There is no sign of life on cracks .
There is no sign of life on daubs .
There is no sign of life on dents .
There is no sign of life on dings .
There is no sign of life on gouges .
There is no sign of life on marks .
There is no sign of life on miliums .
There is no sign of life on moles .
There is no sign of life on nevuss .
There is no sign of life on nicks .
There is no sign of life on scars .
There is no sign of life on scrapes .
There is no sign of life on scratches .
There is no sign of life on slurs .
There is no sign of life on smears .
There is no sign of life on smirches .
There is no sign of life on smudges .
There is no sign of life on spots .
There is no sign of life on stigmata .
There is no sign of life on verrucas .
There is no sign of life on visual aspects .
There is no sign of life on warts .
There is no sign of life on whiteheads .
There is no signal in the room .
There is no simple solution for this Gordian knot .
There is no simple solution for this brain-teaser .
There is no simple solution for this case .
There is no simple solution for this conundrum .
There is no simple solution for this enigma .
There is no simple solution for this head .
There is no simple solution for this homework problem .
There is no simple solution for this koan .
There is no simple solution for this mystifier .
There is no simple solution for this pons asinorum .
There is no simple solution for this poser .
There is no simple solution for this problem .
There is no simple solution for this puzzle .
There is no simple solution for this puzzler .
There is no simple solution for this question .
There is no simple solution for this rebu .
There is no simple solution for this riddle .
There is no simple solution for this sticker .
There is no simple solution for this stumper .
There is no simple solution for this teaser .
There is no simple solution for this toughie .
There is no simulacrum , unless you invent Him .
There is no situation that is without encouragement .
There is no situation that is without feeling .
There is no situation that is without hope .
There is no situation that is without hopefulnes .
There is no situation that is without optimism .
There is no sky .
There is no smoke without cookfire .
There is no smoke without fire .
There is no smoke without fireplace .
There is no smoke without hearth .
There is no smoke without open fireplace .
There is no smoking allowed on our campus .
There is no smoking allowed on our fields .
There is no smoking here .
There is no snake .
There is no society .
There is no soft option in this matter .
There is no solve .
There is no space .
There is no stop between Suwon
There is no stop between Suwon and Incheon .
There is no straight chair in this room .
There is no success .
There is no such thing as a essential .
There is no such thing as a must .
There is no such thing as a necessary .
There is no such thing as a necessity .
There is no such thing as a requirement .
There is no such thing as a requisite .
There is no such thing as an untimely erection .
There is no such thing as an untimely sexual arousal .
There is no sugar here .
There is no sugar in the bowl .
There is no sugar in the containerful .
There is no sugar loaf here .
There is no sugarloaf here .
There is no sun .
There is no surface difference between them .
There is no sweet potato today .
There is no sweetener here .
There is no sweetening here .
There is no swivel chair in this room .
There is no system .
There is no system clock in my room .
There is no table in the assemblage .
There is no table in the gathering .
There is no table in the room .
There is no tablet-armed chair in this room .
There is no taste .
There is no telling exactly when the earth was born .
There is no telling when they will bodily fluid .
There is no telling when they will body fluid .
There is no telling when they will come .
There is no telling when they will hummy .
There is no telling when they will humor .
There is no telling when they will liquid body substance .
There is no telling when they will milt .
There is no tense in his job .
There is no tense without the past .
There is no that .
There is no them .
There is no thieves .
There is no thing .
There is no third Hobson's choice .
There is no third choice .
There is no third deciding .
There is no third decision making .
There is no third default .
There is no third default option .
There is no third druther .
There is no third impossibility .
There is no third impossible action .
There is no third obverse .
There is no third opening .
There is no third possibility .
There is no third possible action .
There is no third preference .
There is no third soft option .
There is no this .
There is no time clock in my room .
There is no time for elucidation .
There is no time for explanation .
There is no time for explication .
There is no time for speech act .
There is no time period without electricity and water .
There is no time period without music .
There is no time to argue .
There is no time to be lost .
There is no time to be person .
There is no time to lose .
There is no time to quarrel over such a body of water .
There is no time to quarrel over such a building block .
There is no time to quarrel over such a content .
There is no time to quarrel over such a depicted object .
There is no time to quarrel over such a essential .
There is no time to quarrel over such a inessential .
There is no time to quarrel over such a necessary .
There is no time to quarrel over such a necessity .
There is no time to quarrel over such a nonessential .
There is no time to quarrel over such a part .
There is no time to quarrel over such a physical entity .
There is no time to quarrel over such a piece .
There is no time to quarrel over such a requirement .
There is no time to quarrel over such a requisite .
There is no time to quarrel over such a reservoir .
There is no time to quarrel over such a source .
There is no time to quarrel over such a subject .
There is no time to quarrel over such a thing .
There is no time to quarrel over such a unit .
There is no time to quarrel over such a variable .
There is no time to quarrel over such a water .
There is no timekeeper in my room .
There is no timepiece in my room .
There is no tired .
There is no today .
There is no trade gap between China
There is no trade gap between China and US .
There is no trade gap between China and bases .
There is no trade gap between China and nucleotides .
There is no transportation around here .
There is no turret clock in my room .
There is no use waiting for her any individual .
There is no use waiting for her any longer .
There is no use waiting for her any mortal .
There is no use waiting for her any person .
There is no use waiting for her any somebody .
There is no use waiting for her any someone .
There is no use waiting for her any soul .
There is no ventilation here .
There is no victim like an old victim .
There is no village .
There is no wall clock in my room .
There is no water .
There is no water clock in my room .
There is no water glas in my room .
There is no water in the bilge well .
There is no water in the compartment .
There is no water in the pump well .
There is no water in the well .
There is no water left in the bottle .
There is no water left in the containerful .
There is no water left in the split .
There is no way of reaching the island other than by argyle .
There is no way of reaching the island other than by argyll .
There is no way of reaching the island other than by boat .
There is no way of reaching the island other than by dish .
There is no way out of the blockade except to take the bull by the horns and let God judge the outcome .
There is no way out of the encirclement except to take the bull by the horns and let God judge the outcome .
There is no way out of the siege except to take the bull by the horns
There is no way out of the siege except to take the bull by the horns and let God judge the outcome .
There is no wealth in my bag .
There is no well .
There is no wheelchair in this room .
There is no whistle today .
There is no wicked .
There is no wind today .
There is no wood today .
There is no woodwind instrument today .
There is no woodwind today .
There is no work .
There is no yard measure , but there are some exceptions .
There is no yard measure but has some exceptions .
There is no yard measure without exception .
There is no yardstick , but there are some exceptions .
There is no yardstick but has some exceptions .
There is no yardstick without exception .
There is no yesterday .
There is nothing going on between Tom
There is nothing going on between Tom and me .
There is nothing like summer
There is nothing like summer and ice~cream .
There is now no God
There is now no God and no Buddha .
There is now something .
There is one rule that works in every act of God . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every apocalypse . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every bad luck . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every calamity . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every famine . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every force majeure . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every inevitable accident . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every kiss of death . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every meltdown . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every misfortune . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every plague . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every tidal wave . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every tsunami . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every unavoidable casualty . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every vis major . The poor even help arrange it .
There is one rule that works in every visitation . The poor even help arrange it .
There is some coal in the body of water .
There is some coal in the branch .
There is some coal in the brook .
There is some coal in the creek .
There is some coal in the headstream .
There is some coal in the rill .
There is some coal in the river .
There is some coal in the rivulet .
There is some coal in the run .
There is some coal in the runnel .
There is some coal in the stream .
There is some coal in the streamlet .
There is some coal in the tidal river .
There is some coal in the tidal stream .
There is some coal in the tidewater river .
There is some coal in the tidewater stream .
There is some coal in the water .
There is some evidence that taking several fish oil capsules per day could have beneficial effects on one 's heart
There is some evidence that taking several fish oil capsules per day could have beneficial effects on one 's heart and blood pressure .
There is some fridge .
There is some milk in the Deepfreeze .
There is some milk in the deep freezer .
There is some milk in the deep-freeze .
There is some milk in the freezer .
There is some milk in the fridge .
There is some milk in the ice machine .
There is some milk in the icebox .
There is some milk in the refrigerator .
There is some milk left in the Deepfreeze .
There is some milk left in the deep freezer .
There is some milk left in the deep-freeze .
There is some milk left in the freezer .
There is some milk left in the fridge .
There is some milk left in the ice machine .
There is some milk left in the icebox .
There is some milk left in the refrigerator .
There is some stream .
There is some that .
There is some truth in that .
There is somewhere .
There is the Seine
There is the Seine and here is the bridge .
There is the risk of losing users
There is the risk of losing users and incomes .
There is violence
There is violence and chaos in the streets .
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any network .
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any social computer network .
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any social early warning system .
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any social information superhighway .
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any social network .
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any social superhighway .
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any social system .
There may be no problem .
There may be no solution to this balance-of-payments problem .
There may be no solution to this difficulty .
There may be no solution to this problem .
There may be no solution to this race problem .
There may be some this .
There may be some truth to this .
There may be thieves , fakers , perverts
There may be thieves , fakers , perverts or killers in social networks . For your security , you should n't believe them .
There mmetallic elementst be some misunderstanding between metallic elements .
There mmetalst be some misunderstanding between metals .
There muranium 235st be some misunderstanding between uranium 235s .
There muranium 238st be some misunderstanding between uranium 238s .
There must be a balance between chaos
There must be a balance between chaos and law .
There must be some misconception .
There must be some mistake .
There must be some misunderstanding .
There must be some misunderstanding between us .
There must be some problem .
There must be some solution to the balance-of-payments problem .
There must be some solution to the difficulty .
There must be some solution to the problem .
There must be some solution to the race problem .
There must be some us .
There never was any danger .
There never was any real chance .
There never was any real crapshoot .
There never was any real danger .
There never was any real gamble .
There never was any real venture .
There once lived a merchant whose name was Mark ,
There once lived a merchant whose name was Mark , and whom people called ' Mark the Rich . '
There remained no more than 20 audiences in the village .
There remained no more than 20 followerss in the village .
There remained no more than 20 followings in the village .
There remained no more than 20 groupings in the village .
There remained no more than 20 groups in the village .
There remained no more than 20 laities in the village .
There remained no more than 20 people in the village .
There remained no more than 20 temporalties in the village .
There remained no people in the village .
There seemed to be no answer to the balance-of-payments problem .
There seemed to be no answer to the difficulty .
There seemed to be no answer to the problem .
There seemed to be no answer to the race problem .
There seemed to be no problem .
There seems no hurry .
There seems no need to hurry .
There seems no need to urgency .
There seems to be no category out .
There seems to be no go .
There seems to be no need to board game .
There seems to be no need to go .
There seems to be no way out .
There seems to be some animal .
There seems to be some dark meaning in his languages .
There seems to be some dark meaning in his oral communications .
There seems to be some dark meaning in his speech communications .
There seems to be some dark meaning in his speeches .
There seems to be some dark meaning in his spoken communications .
There seems to be some dark meaning in his spoken languages .
There seems to be some dark meaning in his voice communications .
There seems to be some dark meaning in his words .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this acrodont .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this adult .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this animal .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this being .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this biped .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this captive .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this chordate .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this conceptu .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this creepy-crawly .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this critter .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this darter .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this domestic animal .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this domesticated animal .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this ectotherm .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this embryo .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this feeder .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this female .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this fertilized egg .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this fictional animal .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this game .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this giant .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this herbivore .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this hexapod .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this homeotherm .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this homoiotherm .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this homotherm .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this insectivore .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this invertebrate .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this larva .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this male .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this marine animal .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this marine creature .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this mate .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this metazoan .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this migrator .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this molter .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this moulter .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this mutant .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this offspring .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this omnivore .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this organism .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this peeper .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this pest .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this pet .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this pleurodont .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this poikilotherm .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this predator .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this predatory animal .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this prey .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this pureblood .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this purebred .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this quarry .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this racer .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this range animal .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this scavenger .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this sea animal .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this sea creature .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this stayer .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this stunt .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this survivor .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this thoroughbred .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this varment .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this varmint .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this work animal .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this young .
There seems to be some genetic problem with this zooplankton .
There seems to be some words .
There shall be no acts to my malicious plan .
There shall be no antagonisms to my malicious plan .
There shall be no bars to my malicious plan .
There shall be no complications to my malicious plan .
There shall be no deeds to my malicious plan .
There shall be no deterrences to my malicious plan .
There shall be no foilings to my malicious plan .
There shall be no frustrations to my malicious plan .
There shall be no hindrances to my malicious plan .
There shall be no human actions to my malicious plan .
There shall be no human activities to my malicious plan .
There shall be no obstructions to my malicious plan .
There shall be no preventions to my malicious plan .
There shall be no thwartings to my malicious plan .
There the spider waits for small insects like butterflies
There the spider waits for small insects like butterflies and dragonflies to be trapped .
There was a car accident
There was a car accident and the traffic did n't move an inch .
There was a cheese
There was a cheese and wine reception .
There was a commotion when store security guards detained some shoplifting .
There was a commotion when store security guards detained some young men for larceny .
There was a commotion when store security guards detained some young men for shoplifting .
There was a commotion when store security guards detained some young men for stealing .
There was a commotion when store security guards detained some young men for theft .
There was a commotion when store security guards detained some young men for thievery .
There was a commotion when store security guards detained some young men for thieving .
There was a conflict between Israel
There was a conflict between Israel and Lebanon .
There was a linguistic mediation between aborigines
There was a linguistic mediation between aborigines and immigrants .
There was a minute of silence
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming .
There was a small table in her bedroom ,
There was a small table in her bedroom , and on the table - a little bottle .
There was an earthquake
There was an earthquake and , in addition , there was a tsunami .
There was an industrial espionage case involving GM
There was an industrial espionage case involving GM and VW .
There was much argument for
There was much argument for and against the bill .
There was no 2011 , either .
There was no Sheraton in that room .
There was no Tom .
There was no answer to my marriage offer .
There was no answer to my marriage proposal .
There was no answer to my proposal .
There was no answer to my proposal of marriage .
There was no answer to my question .
There was no at~all yesterday .
There was no baby bed in that room .
There was no baby's bed in that room .
There was no back .
There was no bedframe in that room .
There was no bedroom furniture in that room .
There was no bedstead in that room .
There was no bookcase in that room .
There was no buffet in that room .
There was no bureau in that room .
There was no cabinet in that room .
There was no chest in that room .
There was no chest of drawer in that room .
There was no closet in that room .
There was no communication .
There was no computer network back then .
There was no counter in that room .
There was no danger .
There was no dining-room furniture in that room .
There was no dresser in that room .
There was no etagere in that room .
There was no explanation .
There was no fitment in that room .
There was no furnishing in that room .
There was no furniture in that room .
There was no hallstand in that room .
There was no internet back then .
There was no lamp in that room .
There was no lawn furniture in that room .
There was no life in the house .
There was no malaria vaccination in 2011 , either .
There was no money left in my case .
There was no money left in my wallet .
There was no need for verbal communication .
There was no need for verbal connectednes .
There was no need for verbal connection .
There was no need for verbal connexion .
There was no need for you to do that .
There was no nest in that room .
There was no objection on the part of the holder .
There was no objection on the part of the homeowner .
There was no objection on the part of the householder .
There was no objection on the part of the individual .
There was no objection on the part of the mortal .
There was no objection on the part of the owner .
There was no objection on the part of the part-owner .
There was no objection on the part of the person .
There was no objection on the part of the saver .
There was no objection on the part of the shipowner .
There was no objection on the part of the somebody .
There was no objection on the part of the someone .
There was no objection on the part of the soul .
There was no objection on the part of those historical present at the afternoon meeting .
There was no objection on the part of those present at the afternoon meeting .
There was no objection on the part of those tense at the afternoon meeting .
There was no office furniture in that room .
There was no one in the room besides Mary
There was no one in the room besides Mary and John .
There was no one in the room besides Tom
There was no one in the room besides Tom and Mary .
There was no owner .
There was no pres in that room .
There was no present at the afternoon meeting .
There was no question .
There was no real evidence against Tom .
There was no real evidence against adult male .
There was no real evidence against blighter .
There was no real evidence against bloke .
There was no real evidence against boy .
There was no real evidence against boy wonder .
There was no real evidence against chap .
There was no real evidence against cus .
There was no real evidence against fella .
There was no real evidence against feller .
There was no real evidence against fellow .
There was no real evidence against foster brother .
There was no real evidence against foster-brother .
There was no real evidence against gent .
There was no real evidence against individual .
There was no real evidence against lad .
There was no real evidence against macho .
There was no real evidence against male child .
There was no real evidence against male offspring .
There was no real evidence against man .
There was no real evidence against man-child .
There was no real evidence against mortal .
There was no real evidence against mother's son .
There was no real evidence against person .
There was no real evidence against sirrah .
There was no real evidence against somebody .
There was no real evidence against someone .
There was no real evidence against soul .
There was no seat in that room .
There was no sectional in that room .
There was no sideboard in that room .
There was no sign of being in the house .
There was no sign of beingnes in the house .
There was no sign of existence in the house .
There was no sign of life in the house .
There was no sleeper in that room .
There was no table in that room .
There was no that .
There was no time left for an elucidation .
There was no time left for an explanation .
There was no time left for an explication .
There was no time left for an speech act .
There was no time left for elucidation .
There was no time left for explanation .
There was no time left for explication .
There was no time left for speech act .
There was no visible chance .
There was no visible crapshoot .
There was no visible danger .
There was no visible gamble .
There was no visible venture .
There was no wall unit in that room .
There was no wallet .
There was no wardrobe in that room .
There was no wash-hand stand in that room .
There was no washstand in that room .
There was no way .
There was no way to bring Tom back .
There was no way to bring Tom cloth covering .
There was no wind at~all yesterday .
There was obviously no other category .
There was obviously no other way .
There was once a girl who stepped on a loaf of bread to avoid soiling her shoes ,
There was once a girl who stepped on a loaf of bread to avoid soiling her shoes , and the misfortunes that happened to her in consequence are well known .
There was once a girl who trod on a loaf to avoid soiling her shoes ,
There was once a girl who trod on a loaf to avoid soiling her shoes , and the misfortunes that happened to her in consequence are well known .
There was scarcely any left .
There was scarcely any money left .
There was some lemon in the cake .
There was some taste of flavmy in the cake .
There was some taste of flavor in the cake .
There was some taste of lemon in the cake .
There was some taste of nip in the cake .
There was some taste of relish in the cake .
There was some taste of sapidity in the cake .
There was some taste of savmy in the cake .
There was some taste of savor in the cake .
There was some taste of smack in the cake .
There was some taste of tang in the cake .
There were abreact no visual signs of spring .
There were almost no cars in the parking~lot .
There were almost no compartments in the parking~lot .
There were cars burning , people dying ,
There were cars burning , people dying , and nobody could help them .
There were comfort no visual signs of spring .
There were console no visual signs of spring .
There were framed pictures of a child
There were framed pictures of a child and a wedding on top of the desk .
There were many injured people , but any people were missing .
There were many injured people , but hardly any people were missing .
There were neither flowers nor trees in the streets of his city .
There were neither trees in the streets of his city .
There were no Bengal roses in the garden .
There were no Cherokee roses in the garden .
There were no China roses in the garden .
There were no Japanese in this Brit .
There were no Japanese in this British .
There were no Japanese in this British person .
There were no Japanese in this Dutch .
There were no Japanese in this Dutch person .
There were no Japanese in this English .
There were no Japanese in this English person .
There were no Japanese in this French .
There were no Japanese in this French person .
There were no Japanese in this Irish .
There were no Japanese in this Irish person .
There were no Japanese in this Spanish .
There were no Japanese in this Spanish person .
There were no Japanese in this Swiss .
There were no Japanese in this Swiss person .
There were no Japanese in this country .
There were no Japanese in this person .
There were no Japanese roses in the garden .
There were no Panama hats in that store that fit me .
There were no Panamas in that store that fit me .
There were no Rosa banksias in the garden .
There were no Rosa caninas in the garden .
There were no Rosa chinenses in the garden .
There were no Rosa damascenas in the garden .
There were no Rosa eglanterias in the garden .
There were no Rosa laevigatas in the garden .
There were no Rosa moschatas in the garden .
There were no Rosa multifloras in the garden .
There were no Rosa odoratas in the garden .
There were no Rosa pendulinas in the garden .
There were no Rosa spithamaeas in the garden .
There were no Stetsons in that store that fit me .
There were no ambition .
There were no apothecary's shops in the Yukon .
There were no apples in the box .
There were no appliances back then .
There were no baby roses in the garden .
There were no bakehouses in the Yukon .
There were no bakeries in the Yukon .
There were no bakeshops in the Yukon .
There were no banksia roses in the garden .
There were no barbershops in the Yukon .
There were no bazaars in the Yukon .
There were no bazars in the Yukon .
There were no bearskins in that store that fit me .
There were no beauty parlors in the Yukon .
There were no beauty parlours in the Yukon .
There were no beauty salons in the Yukon .
There were no beauty shops in the Yukon .
There were no beavers in that store that fit me .
There were no betting shops in the Yukon .
There were no boaters in that store that fit me .
There were no bodegas in the Yukon .
There were no bonnets in that store that fit me .
There were no bookshops in the Yukon .
There were no bookstalls in the Yukon .
There were no bookstores in the Yukon .
There were no booths in the Yukon .
There were no bounds to his ambition .
There were no bounds to his aspiration .
There were no bounds to his drive .
There were no bounds to his power hunger .
There were no bounds to his status seeking .
There were no boutiques in the Yukon .
There were no bowler hats in that store that fit me .
There were no bowlers in that store that fit me .
There were no briars in the garden .
There were no briers in the garden .
There were no building supply houses in the Yukon .
There were no building supply stores in the Yukon .
There were no busbies in that store that fit me .
There were no bushes in the garden .
There were no butcher shops in the Yukon .
There were no cable railways at that time in Japan .
There were no cable railways in Japan at that time .
There were no campaign hats in that store that fit me .
There were no candy stores in the Yukon .
There were no canteens in the Yukon .
There were no cars in the parking~lot .
There were no cavalier hats in that store that fit me .
There were no chain stores in the Yukon .
There were no chemist's shops in the Yukon .
There were no chemists' in the Yukon .
There were no cleanerss in the Yukon .
There were no clock radios in Japan in those days .
There were no clock radios in those days .
There were no clock radios in those times .
There were no clothing stores in the Yukon .
There were no clouds today .
There were no cocked hats in that store that fit me .
There were no cog railways at that time in Japan .
There were no cog railways in Japan at that time .
There were no commissaries in the Yukon .
There were no computer stores in the Yukon .
There were no confectionaries in the Yukon .
There were no confectioneries in the Yukon .
There were no consumer durabless back then .
There were no convenience stores in the Yukon .
There were no country .
There were no cowboy hats in that store that fit me .
There were no crime .
There were no crystal sets in Japan in those days .
There were no crystal sets in those days .
There were no crystal sets in those times .
There were no customers , so we closed the shop earlier .
There were no customers , so we closed the shop early .
There were no customers , so we closed the store early .
There were no damask roses in the garden .
There were no dangers .
There were no deerstalkers in that store that fit me .
There were no delicatessens in the Yukon .
There were no delis in the Yukon .
There were no derbies in that store that fit me .
There were no derby hats in that store that fit me .
There were no dog roses in the garden .
There were no dress hats in that store that fit me .
There were no dress shops in the Yukon .
There were no driers back then .
There were no drugstores in the Yukon .
There were no dry cleanerss in the Yukon .
There were no dryers back then .
There were no dunce caps in that store that fit me .
There were no dunce's caps in that store that fit me .
There were no durable goodss back then .
There were no durabless back then .
There were no earlier .
There were no early .
There were no eglantines in the garden .
There were no elevated railroads at that time in Japan .
There were no elevated railroads in Japan at that time .
There were no elevated railways at that time in Japan .
There were no elevated railways in Japan at that time .
There were no elevateds at that time in Japan .
There were no elevateds in Japan at that time .
There were no els at that time in Japan .
There were no els in Japan at that time .
There were no fedoras in that store that fit me .
There were no felt hats in that store that fit me .
There were no fix-it shops in the Yukon .
There were no florist shops in the Yukon .
There were no florists in the Yukon .
There were no flower stores in the Yukon .
There were no food shops in the Yukon .
There were no fool's caps in that store that fit me .
There were no funicular railways at that time in Japan .
There were no funicular railways in Japan at that time .
There were no funiculars at that time in Japan .
There were no funiculars in Japan at that time .
There were no fur hats in that store that fit me .
There were no gift shops in the Yukon .
There were no ground roses in the garden .
There were no groupings today .
There were no groups today .
There were no haberdasheries in the Yukon .
There were no haberdashery stores in the Yukon .
There were no hardware stores in the Yukon .
There were no hat shops in the Yukon .
There were no hats in that store that fit me .
There were no head shops in the Yukon .
There were no headdresses in that store that fit me .
There were no headgears in that store that fit me .
There were no heterodyne receivers in Japan in those days .
There were no heterodyne receivers in those days .
There were no heterodyne receivers in those times .
There were no high hats in that store that fit me .
There were no homburgs in that store that fit me .
There were no home appliances back then .
There were no household appliances back then .
There were no immediate reports of injuries ,
There were no immediate reports of injuries , and authorities said they found any church in Greenville , which is about 75 miles east of Raleigh .
There were no immediate reports of injuries , and authorities said they found no signs of fires at any other church in Greenville , which is about 75 miles east of Raleigh .
There were no immediate reports of injuries , and authorities said they found no signs of fires at any other divine service in Greenville , which is about 75 miles east of Raleigh .
There were no immediate reports of injuries , and authorities said they found no signs of fires at any other religious service in Greenville , which is about 75 miles east of Raleigh .
There were no immediate reports of injuries , and authorities said they found no signs of fires at any other service in Greenville , which is about 75 miles east of Raleigh .
There were no infestations today .
There were no ironmonger's shops in the Yukon .
There were no ironmongers in the Yukon .
There were no island .
There were no junk shops in the Yukon .
There were no leghorns in that store that fit me .
There were no lines at that time in Japan .
There were no lines in Japan at that time .
There were no liquor stores in the Yukon .
There were no loan offices in the Yukon .
There were no meat markets in the Yukon .
There were no mens stores in the Yukon .
There were no mercantile establishments in the Yukon .
There were no metroes at that time in Japan .
There were no metroes in Japan at that time .
There were no millineries in that store that fit me .
There were no millineries in the Yukon .
There were no monorails at that time in Japan .
There were no monorails in Japan at that time .
There were no more apple trees in the box .
There were no more apples in the box .
There were no mountain roses in the garden .
There were no multiflora roses in the garden .
There were no multifloras in the garden .
There were no musk roses in the garden .
There were no novelty shops in the Yukon .
There were no off-licences in the Yukon .
There were no opera hats in that store that fit me .
There were no outfitters in the Yukon .
There were no outlets in the Yukon .
There were no overhead railways at that time in Japan .
There were no overhead railways in Japan at that time .
There were no package stores in the Yukon .
There were no pawnbroker's shops in the Yukon .
There were no pawnshops in the Yukon .
There were no perfumeries in the Yukon .
There were no pet shops in the Yukon .
There were no pharmacies in the Yukon .
There were no pizza parlors in the Yukon .
There were no pizza shops in the Yukon .
There were no pizzerias in the Yukon .
There were no plagues today .
There were no plug hats in that store that fit me .
There were no poke bonnets in that store that fit me .
There were no push-button radios in Japan in those days .
There were no push-button radios in those days .
There were no push-button radios in those times .
There were no rack railways at that time in Japan .
There were no rack railways in Japan at that time .
There were no radios in Japan in those days .
There were no radios in those days .
There were no radios in those times .
There were no railroads at that time in Japan .
There were no railroads in Japan at that time .
There were no rails at that time in Japan .
There were no rails in Japan at that time .
There were no receivers in Japan in those days .
There were no receivers in those days .
There were no receivers in those times .
There were no receiving systems in Japan in those days .
There were no receiving systems in those days .
There were no receiving systems in those times .
There were no repair shops in the Yukon .
There were no retail stores in the Yukon .
There were no roses in the garden .
There were no sailors in that store that fit me .
There were no sales outlets in the Yukon .
There were no salons in the Yukon .
There were no scenic railways at that time in Japan .
There were no scenic railways in Japan at that time .
There were no second-hand stores in the Yukon .
There were no shakoes in that store that fit me .
There were no shoe shops in the Yukon .
There were no shoe stores in the Yukon .
There were no shoe-shops in the Yukon .
There were no shovel hats in that store that fit me .
There were no shrubs in the garden .
There were no signs of life on the island .
There were no signs of life on the kitchen island .
There were no signs of life on the safety island .
There were no signs of life on the safety isle .
There were no signs of life on the safety zone .
There were no signs of life on the traffic island .
There were no signs of life on the zone .
There were no silk hats in that store that fit me .
There were no skimmers in that store that fit me .
There were no slouch hats in that store that fit me .
There were no snap-brim hats in that store that fit me .
There were no sombreroes in that store that fit me .
There were no sou'westers in that store that fit me .
There were no specialty stores in the Yukon .
There were no stores in the Yukon .
There were no stovepipes in that store that fit me .
There were no straw hats in that store that fit me .
There were no subway systems at that time in Japan .
There were no subway systems in Japan at that time .
There were no subways at that time in Japan .
There were no subways in Japan at that time .
There were no summer damask roses in the garden .
There were no sun hats in that store that fit me .
There were no sunhats in that store that fit me .
There were no superheterodyne receivers in Japan in those days .
There were no superheterodyne receivers in those days .
There were no superheterodyne receivers in those times .
There were no superhets in Japan in those days .
There were no superhets in those days .
There were no superhets in those times .
There were no sweetbriars in the garden .
There were no sweetbriers in the garden .
There were no tea roses in the garden .
There were no ten-gallon hats in that store that fit me .
There were no thriftshops in the Yukon .
There were no tiroleans in that store that fit me .
There were no titfers in that store that fit me .
There were no tobacco shops in the Yukon .
There were no tobacconist shops in the Yukon .
There were no tobacconists in the Yukon .
There were no top hats in that store that fit me .
There were no toppers in that store that fit me .
There were no toques in that store that fit me .
There were no toyshops in the Yukon .
There were no trilbys in that store that fit me .
There were no tubes at that time in Japan .
There were no tubes in Japan at that time .
There were no tyroleans in that store that fit me .
There were no undergrounds at that time in Japan .
There were no undergrounds in Japan at that time .
There were no visible chances .
There were no visible crapshoots .
There were no visible dangers .
There were no visible gambles .
There were no visible ventures .
There were no witnesses to the crime .
There were no witnesses to the evildoing .
There were no witnesses to the transgression .
There were no woman's hats in that store that fit me .
There were once upon a time a poor man
There were once upon a time a poor man and a rich woman .
There were only two means left to him in order to get a bite to eat . He had either to work
There were only two means left to him in order to get a bite to eat . He had either to work or to beg .
There were solace no visual signs of spring .
There were some Arabists in the classroom .
There were some Cabalists in the classroom .
There were some Dr.s in the classroom .
There were some Islamists in the classroom .
There were some Kabbalists in the classroom .
There were some Mackinaw boats on the lake .
There were some Masoretes in the classroom .
There were some Masorites in the classroom .
There were some Massoretes in the classroom .
There were some Renaissance men in the classroom .
There were some Schoolmen in the classroom .
There were some Shakespeareans in the classroom .
There were some Shakespearians in the classroom .
There were some Sinologists in the classroom .
There were some Vedists in the classroom .
There were some academicians in the classroom .
There were some alumnae in the classroom .
There were some alumnuss in the classroom .
There were some alums in the classroom .
There were some arks on the lake .
There were some barges on the lake .
There were some bibliographers in the classroom .
There were some bibliophiles in the classroom .
There were some boats on the lake .
There were some book lovers in the classroom .
There were some booklovers in the classroom .
There were some bookworms in the classroom .
There were some bumboats on the lake .
There were some canal boats on the lake .
There were some cutters on the lake .
There were some doctors in the classroom .
There were some ferries on the lake .
There were some ferryboats on the lake .
There were some fireboats on the lake .
There were some flatboats on the lake .
There were some floor .
There were some flowers there .
There were some generalists in the classroom .
There were some golden ages there .
There were some goliards in the classroom .
There were some gondolas on the lake .
There were some grads in the classroom .
There were some graduates in the classroom .
There were some guard boats on the lake .
There were some gunboats on the lake .
There were some historians in the classroom .
There were some historiographers in the classroom .
There were some hoys on the lake .
There were some humanists in the classroom .
There were some initiates in the classroom .
There were some ink spots on the book case .
There were some ink spots on the book casing .
There were some ink spots on the book jacket .
There were some ink spots on the book shell .
There were some intellects in the classroom .
There were some intellectuals in the classroom .
There were some jacket .
There were some junks on the lake .
There were some learned people in the classroom .
There were some library .
There were some licentiates in the classroom .
There were some lighters on the lake .
There were some longboats on the lake .
There were some luggers on the lake .
There were some mackinaws on the lake .
There were some mail boats on the lake .
There were some mailboats on the lake .
There were some masters in the classroom .
There were some medieval Schoolmen in the classroom .
There were some men eating their lunches under the trees in front of the building .
There were some men eating their lunches under the trees in front of the edifice .
There were some men eating their lunches under the trees in front of the library .
There were some motorboats on the lake .
There were some muddy footprints on the assemblage .
There were some muddy footprints on the floor .
There were some muddy footprints on the gathering .
There were some mujtihads in the classroom .
There were some musicologists in the classroom .
There were some narrow boats on the lake .
There were some narrowboats on the lake .
There were some packet boats on the lake .
There were some packets on the lake .
There were some pedants in the classroom .
There were some periods of time there .
There were some periods there .
There were some philomaths in the classroom .
There were some philosophers in the classroom .
There were some pilot boats on the lake .
There were some pinnaces on the lake .
There were some police boats on the lake .
There were some post docs in the classroom .
There were some postdocs in the classroom .
There were some powerboats on the lake .
There were some pundits in the classroom .
There were some punts on the lake .
There were some readers in the classroom .
There were some river boats on the lake .
There were some salutatorians in the classroom .
There were some salutatory speakers in the classroom .
There were some savants in the classroom .
There were some scholastics in the classroom .
There were some scholiasts in the classroom .
There were some schoolmen in the classroom .
There were some scows on the lake .
There were some sea boats on the lake .
There were some ship's boats on the lake .
There were some small boats on the lake .
There were some steamboats on the lake .
There were some students in the classroom .
There were some surfboats on the lake .
There were some tenders on the lake .
There were some theologians in the classroom .
There were some theologisers in the classroom .
There were some theologists in the classroom .
There were some theologizers in the classroom .
There were some time periods there .
There were some towboats on the lake .
There were some towers on the lake .
There were some tugboats on the lake .
There were some tugs on the lake .
There were some valedictorians in the classroom .
There were some valedictory speakers in the classroom .
There were some vessels on the lake .
There were some watercrafts on the lake .
There were soothe no visual signs of spring .
There were still no spring .
There were still no visual signs of Fountain of Youth .
There were still no visual signs of formation .
There were still no visual signs of geological formation .
There were still no visual signs of spring .
There were too many sights to see in a day
There were too many sights to see in a day or two .
There were two cakes . I ate one
There were two cakes . I ate one and then I ate the other .
There were white
There were white and yellow flowers at the side of the road .
There will be no school a week from today .
There will be no school a work time from today .
There will be no school future .
There will be no school futurity .
There will be no school hereafter .
There will be no school time to come .
There will be no school tomorrow .
There will be no tomorrow .
There will be no week from today .
There would be no champ .
There would be no champion .
There would be no comer .
There would be no competition .
There would be no contestant .
There would be no enemy .
There would be no favorite .
There would be no favourite .
There would be no finalist .
There would be no foe .
There would be no front-runner .
There would be no king .
There would be no queen .
There would be no runner-up .
There would be no scratch .
There would be no second best .
There would be no semifinalist .
There would be no street fighter .
There would be no tier .
There would be no tilter .
There would be no title-holder .
There would be no world-beater .
There ’s no better way to start the day .
There ’s no better way to start the sidereal time .
There ’s no better way to start the time unit .
There ’s no better way to start the unit of time .
There ’s no day .
These are my shoes
These are my shoes and those are yours .
These books are accessible to all Areopagites .
These books are accessible to all Conservatives .
These books are accessible to all Etonians .
These books are accessible to all Ivy Leaguers .
These books are accessible to all Rosicrucians .
These books are accessible to all Rotarians .
These books are accessible to all Wykehamists .
These books are accessible to all art students .
These books are accessible to all associates .
These books are accessible to all auditors .
These books are accessible to all board members .
These books are accessible to all brethren .
These books are accessible to all cabalists .
These books are accessible to all catechumens .
These books are accessible to all charter members .
These books are accessible to all clan members .
These books are accessible to all clansmen .
These books are accessible to all clanswomen .
These books are accessible to all club members .
These books are accessible to all college boys .
These books are accessible to all college men .
These books are accessible to all collegians .
These books are accessible to all commissioners .
These books are accessible to all committee members .
These books are accessible to all council members .
These books are accessible to all councillors .
These books are accessible to all crammers .
These books are accessible to all enrollees .
These books are accessible to all fellows .
These books are accessible to all homeboys .
These books are accessible to all homegirls .
These books are accessible to all huddlers .
These books are accessible to all inductees .
These books are accessible to all joiners .
These books are accessible to all kibbutzniks .
These books are accessible to all kolkhozniks .
These books are accessible to all law students .
These books are accessible to all majors .
These books are accessible to all medical students .
These books are accessible to all medicos .
These books are accessible to all members .
These books are accessible to all neophytes .
These books are accessible to all nonachievers .
These books are accessible to all nonreaders .
These books are accessible to all overachievers .
These books are accessible to all passers .
These books are accessible to all pledges .
These books are accessible to all scholars .
These books are accessible to all seminarians .
These books are accessible to all seminarists .
These books are accessible to all sisters .
These books are accessible to all sixth-formers .
These books are accessible to all skippers .
These books are accessible to all sodalists .
These books are accessible to all students .
These books are accessible to all tribesmen .
These books are accessible to all underachievers .
These books are accessible to all underperformers .
These books are accessible to all withdrawers .
These books are mine
These books are mine and those books are his .
These facts admit of no contradiction .
These facts admit of no negation .
These facts admit of no self-contradiction .
These types of books have almost no continuance .
These types of books have almost no duration .
These types of books have almost no value .
These types of books have no value .
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have absolutely no regard for those around them .
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have no them .
They 're Tom
They 're Tom and Mary .
They 're dangerous ,
They 're dangerous , and they have no natural predators .
They also collected moon rocks
They also collected moon rocks and soil .
They are fascinated by blood
They are fascinated by blood and violence .
They are happy with your plan
They are happy with your plan and for you to proceed with writing your material .
They are hugging
They are hugging and kissing .
They are now widely used for communication , calculation ,
They are now widely used for communication , calculation , and other activities .
They are sitting in the kitchen
They are sitting in the kitchen and drinking tea .
They ate up all cake .
They ate up all the cake .
They breed cattle
They breed cattle and horses .
They built bigger
They built bigger and better ships .
They can come on Monday
They can come on Monday or Tuesday , but not on Wednesday or Thursday .
They chopped down all the withered trees .
They chopped down all trees .
They claimed that Harrison could not read
They claimed that Harrison could not read or write .
They cost just 50 dollars ,
They cost just 50 dollars , and I 'll give you two cans of shoe polish free as well .
They cut a hole in the ice
They cut a hole in the ice and swam in the freezing water .
They had been away for two years
They had been away for two years and five months .
They had built roads
They had built roads and bridges .
They had no alternative energy actions .
They had no alternative energy activities .
They had no alternative energy natural actions .
They had no alternative energy natural processes .
They had no alternative energy origins .
They had no alternative energy sources .
They had no go .
They had no place to board game .
They had no place to go .
They had no sources .
They have brown skin
They have brown skin and black hair .
They have had no month .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a anomalistic month .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a lunar month .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a lunation .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a month .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a moon .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a sidereal month .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a solar month .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a synodic month .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a time unit .
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a unit of time .
They have imitated all skill .
They have imitated his style in all areas except those that require special ability .
They have imitated his style in all areas except those that require special nose .
They have imitated his style in all areas except those that require special power .
They have imitated his style in all areas except those that require special skill .
They have imitated his style in all areas except those that require special virtuosity .
They have no children , for all I know .
They have no children , for all I knowing .
They have no children , for all know .
They have no descendants , for all I know .
They have no descendents , for all I know .
They have no natural animals .
They have no natural animate beings .
They have no natural beasts .
They have no natural brutes .
They have no natural carnivores .
They have no natural creatures .
They have no natural faunas .
They have no natural predators .
They have no predators .
They have solved the problem once
They have solved the problem once and for all .
They held him for a few hours
They held him for a few hours and then let him go free .
They insulted him
They insulted him and his wife .
They knocked on the door
They knocked on the door and said they had come to arrest him .
They lived high on the hog for so long ,
They lived high on the hog for so long , and now they ca n't adjust to a simple life without luxuries .
They lost no home .
They lost no hospital .
They lost no time in getting the sick man to a hospital .
They lost no time in getting the sick man to a medical institution .
They lost no time in leaving their bag .
They lost no time in leaving their base .
They lost no time in leaving their home .
They met the crown princes of Sweden
They met the crown princes of Sweden and Denmark .
They named their cats Tom
They named their cats Tom and Jerry .
They put all boys together .
They put all the Jnrs together .
They put all the Jrs together .
They put all the Juniors together .
They put all the boys together .
They put all the male offsprings together .
They put all the mama's boys together .
They put all the mamma's boys together .
They put all the man-children together .
They put all the mother's boys together .
They raised their glasses
They raised their glasses and toasted to their success .
They rise their wooden pints
They rise their wooden pints and they yoik and sing . And they fight and dance ' till the morning .
They sat on a park~bench
They sat on a park~bench and began talking .
They say that God is everywhere ,
They say that God is everywhere , and yet we always think of Him as somewhat of a recluse .
They say there 's a Picasso
They say there 's a Picasso and three Renoirs in that museum .
They searched the house , but found no clues .
They searched the house , but found no indicants .
They searched the house , but found no indications .
They seized him
They seized him and took him to Fort~Monroe , Virginia .
They serve every Norway .
They serve every day fresh fish
They serve every day fresh fish and lobster , which they get weekly by plane from Norway .
They should create
They should create and maintain the internal environment in which people can become fully involved in achieving the organization 's objectives .
They sold their farm
They sold their farm and moved to the city .
They speak English
They speak English and French in Canada .
They stole all happiness .
They stole horses
They stole horses and cattle .
They stole my lover
They stole my lover and all the colors of belongings .
They stole my lover and all the colors of blithenesses .
They stole my lover and all the colors of bonheurs .
They stole my lover and all the colors of cheerfulnesses .
They stole my lover and all the colors of contentments .
They stole my lover and all the colors of feelings .
They stole my lover and all the colors of gaieties .
They stole my lover and all the colors of gladfulnesses .
They stole my lover and all the colors of gladnesses .
They stole my lover and all the colors of gladsomenesses .
They stole my lover and all the colors of happiness .
They stole my lover and all the colors of merriments .
They stole my lover and all the colors of rejoicings .
They think that Tom followed Mary home
They think that Tom followed Mary home and killed her .
They tied Pinocchio 's hands behind his shoulders
They tied Pinocchio 's hands behind his shoulders and slipped the noose around his neck .
They took every assumption into consideration .
They took every concept into consideration .
They took every conception into consideration .
They took every conjecture into consideration .
They took every construct into consideration .
They took every framework into consideration .
They took every gemmule into consideration .
They took every historicism into consideration .
They took every hypothetical into consideration .
They took every model into consideration .
They took every possibility into consideration .
They took every speculation into consideration .
They took every supposal into consideration .
They took every supposition into consideration .
They took every theoretical account into consideration .
They took food
They took food and clothing .
They usually have breakfast at half~past~seven~o'clock
They usually have breakfast at half~past~seven~o'clock and eat their lunch at twelve .
They waved at us
They waved at us and then we waved back .
They were forced to kill
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses .
They were not brother
They were not brother and sister , but they loved each~other almost as much as if they had been .
They will probably have many psychological problems as a result ,
They will probably have many psychological problems as a result , and that would be worse in the long run .
Thieves broke into the palace
Thieves broke into the palace and stole the princess 's diamonds .
This TV was made ten years ago
This TV was made ten years ago and there are no available , so it is impossible to repair it .
This TV was made ten years ago and there are no parts available , so it is impossible to repair it .
This Turkish delight was made in China
This Turkish delight was made in China and assembled in Mexico .
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend , we will try to prevent them at all assessment from sitting in the garden , otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business .
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend , we will try to prevent them at all average cost from sitting in the garden , otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business .
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend , we will try to prevent them at all cost from sitting in the garden , otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business .
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend , we will try to prevent them at all differential cost from sitting in the garden , otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business .
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend , we will try to prevent them at all expensivenes from sitting in the garden , otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business .
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend , we will try to prevent them at all incremental cost from sitting in the garden , otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business .
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend , we will try to prevent them at all inexpensivenes from sitting in the garden , otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business .
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend , we will try to prevent them at all marginal cost from sitting in the garden , otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business .
This afternoon when our grandmother who is hard of hearing gets company from an even more hard of hearing girlfriend , we will try to prevent them at all value from sitting in the garden , otherwise the whole neighbourhood will all at once know our business .
This book is better than any I have ever publication .
This book is better than any I have ever read .
This book is better than any read .
This book is translated into 36 languages
This book is translated into 36 languages and has been published in more than a 100 countries all over the world .
This coffee is a blend of Java
This coffee is a blend of Java and Brazil .
This course helps students pursuing an AOS
This course helps students pursuing an AOS or AAS degree , gain an understanding of the experiences of Black people from hearing
This course helps students pursuing an AOS or AAS degree , gain an understanding of the experiences of Black people from hearing and deaf communities in America .
This fault admits of no defence .
This fault admits of no defense .
This fault admits of no excuse .
This fault admits of no extenuation .
This fault admits of no mitigation .
This fault admits of no vindication .
This flower is yellow
This flower is yellow , but all others are blue .
This flower is yellow , but all the others are blue .
This flower is yellow and the others are blue .
This food is both nutritious
This food is both nutritious and delicious .
This herbal ointment relieves pain
This herbal ointment relieves pain and promotes healing .
This is John
This is John and that is his brother .
This is Matsuko
This is Matsuko and me in Japan .
This is Mr Miller 's latest book ,
This is Mr Miller 's latest book , and we hope it will not be his last .
This is an area that gets little
This is an area that gets little or no attention , so we 're going to try
This is an area that gets little or no attention , so we 're going to try and bring some attention to it .
This is beautiful ,
This is beautiful , and that is also beautiful .
This is crazy
This is crazy and disgustingly sad .
This is mine ,
This is mine , and that 's yours .
This is mine , and this is yours .
This is my coat ,
This is my coat , and that is my father 's .
This is my first confession
This is my first confession and I have every nervous .
This is my first confession and I have every reason to be nervous .
This is not the America I know
This is not the America I know and love .
This is the house in which I was born
This is the house in which I was born and brought up .
This is the meeting room but there are almost no meetings held here .
This is the meeting room but there are no here .
This is the meeting room but tlocation are almost no meetings held location .
This is where Tom
This is where Tom and Mary live .
This machine has a lot of switches
This machine has a lot of switches and buttons .
This may sound crazy , but I think I want to go back
This may sound crazy , but I think I want to go back and do it again .
This meal is delicious
This meal is delicious and cheap .
This mission is highly secret
This mission is highly secret and extremely dangerous .
This movie makes no appreciation .
This movie makes no grasp .
This movie makes no hold .
This movie makes no sense .
This overview discusses the main methods of contraception ( birth control ) used in the United~States
This overview discusses the main methods of contraception ( birth control ) used in the United~States and their advantages and disadvantages .
This poor simpleton has been robbed of four gold pieces . Take him , therefore ,
This poor simpleton has been robbed of four gold pieces . Take him , therefore , and throw him into prison .
This rule allows no example .
This rule allows no exception .
This rule allows no illustration .
This rule allows no instance .
This rule allows no representative .
This rule holds good in every case .
This rule holds good in every containerful .
This screwdriver is too small to be any cleanlines .
This screwdriver is too small to be any custom .
This screwdriver is too small to be any ritual .
This screwdriver is too small to be any second nature .
This screwdriver is too small to be any usage .
This screwdriver is too small to be any usance .
This screwdriver is too small to be any use .
This shop sells all kinds .
This shop sells articles of all antitypes .
This shop sells articles of all art forms .
This shop sells articles of all brands .
This shop sells articles of all categories .
This shop sells articles of all colors .
This shop sells articles of all colours .
This shop sells articles of all descriptions .
This shop sells articles of all flavors .
This shop sells articles of all flavours .
This shop sells articles of all genera .
This shop sells articles of all genres .
This shop sells articles of all ilks .
This shop sells articles of all kinds .
This shop sells articles of all likes .
This shop sells articles of all makes .
This shop sells articles of all manners .
This shop sells articles of all models .
This shop sells articles of all species .
This shop sells articles of all stripes .
This shop sells articles of all styles .
This shop sells articles of all the likes .
This shop sells articles of all the likes ofs .
This shop sells articles of all types .
This soup has no adulterant .
This soup has no adulterator .
This soup has no agent .
This soup has no allergen .
This soup has no antigen .
This soup has no assay .
This soup has no carcinogen .
This soup has no chemical irritant .
This soup has no denaturant .
This soup has no digestive .
This soup has no elixir .
This soup has no ferment .
This soup has no fomentation .
This soup has no food .
This soup has no fuel .
This soup has no humectant .
This soup has no hydrocolloid .
This soup has no inhibitor .
This soup has no inoculant .
This soup has no inoculum .
This soup has no jelly .
This soup has no leaven .
This soup has no leavening .
This soup has no ligand .
This soup has no lube .
This soup has no lubricant .
This soup has no lubricating substance .
This soup has no lubricator .
This soup has no lysin .
This soup has no matter .
This soup has no metabolite .
This soup has no nutrient .
This soup has no philosopher's stone .
This soup has no philosophers' stone .
This soup has no poison .
This soup has no poisonous substance .
This soup has no propellant .
This soup has no propellent .
This soup has no pyrectic .
This soup has no pyrogen .
This soup has no refrigerant .
This soup has no substance .
This soup has no toxicant .
This soup has no vehicle .
This story belongs clearly to no drama .
This story belongs clearly to no expressive style .
This story belongs clearly to no form .
This story belongs clearly to no genre .
This story belongs clearly to no poesy .
This story belongs clearly to no poetry .
This story belongs clearly to no prose .
This story belongs clearly to no style .
This story belongs clearly to no verse .
This summer we 'll go to the mountains
This summer we 'll go to the mountains and to the sea .
This tire needs some air .
This tire needs some breath .
This tire needs some ga .
This tire needs some hot air .
This tire needs some liquid air .
This train runs between Tokyo
This train runs between Tokyo and Osaka .
Thomas , make some accomplishment !
Thomas , make some achievement !
Thomas , make some derring-do !
Thomas , make some effort !
Thomas , make some hit !
Thomas , make some rally !
Thomas , make some rallying !
Thomas , make some stunt !
Thomas , make some tour de force !
Those birds build their nests in the summer
Those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter .
Those selected will have to face extensive medical
Those selected will have to face extensive medical and psychological tests .
Those who know do n't talk ,
Those who know do n't talk , and those who talk do n't know .
Those who use forks
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who do n't are uncivilized .
Thousands of major government data resources have been posted in " machine-readable " form for free public access on the Data.gov website ,
Thousands of major government data resources have been posted in " machine-readable " form for free public access on the Data.gov website , and range from weather data to car safety ratings to the cost of healthcare procedures .
Three leading Japanese banks have announced an alliance forming the world 's largest financial group . Fuji~Bank , Dai-Ichi~Kangyo
Three leading Japanese banks have announced an alliance forming the world 's largest financial group . Fuji~Bank , Dai-Ichi~Kangyo and the Industrial~Bank of Japan say their operations will be integrated by the spring of 2002 .
Three soldiers who came back from the war are renting a house at the edge of a small town on the shore of the Inland~Sea
Three soldiers who came back from the war are renting a house at the edge of a small town on the shore of the Inland~Sea and live together .
Tibetan rug weavers use traditional designs
Tibetan rug weavers use traditional designs and knotting . Hence their rugs have a simple , natural look .
Tickets are selling fast in all cities .
Tickets are selling fast in all municipalities .
Tigers are bigger
Tigers are bigger and stronger than cats .
Time heals all broken hearts .
Time heals all broken long whists .
Time heals all broken short whists .
Time heals all broken whists .
Time heals all hearts .
Time is running out . You need to marry your boyfriend
Time is running out . You need to marry your boyfriend and have a baby before it 's too late .
Tlocation 's no way I 'm going to leave you alone location .
Tlocation are no houses around location .
To avoid spoiling , fish caught far out at sea are immediately cooled
To avoid spoiling , fish caught far out at sea are immediately cooled or even frozen .
To be happy
To be happy and not ask any best .
To be happy and not ask any more questions would be best .
To be in love is not the same as loving . You can be in love with a woman
To be in love is not the same as loving . You can be in love with a woman and still hate her .
To begin with , you have no here .
To begin with , you have no right to be here .
To my great surprise , her eyes fixed on me
To my great surprise , her eyes fixed on me and she smiled .
To my relief , he came home safe
To my relief , he came home safe and sound .
To tell the truth , I have no me now .
To tell the truth , I have no money with me now .
To this day , there is still confusion between transvestites
To this day , there is still confusion between transvestites and transsexuals .
Today 's historic opportunity is to create a zone of security
Today 's historic opportunity is to create a zone of security and stability in a region that has known little of either . Otherwise , the Balkans will become a permanent black hole in the heart of Europe .
Today , I saw a woman in pink crocs
Today , I saw a woman in pink crocs and I believe that that is the best contraceptive I have ever seen .
Today I had some breakfast .
Today I had some kipper for breakfast .
Today I had some kipper for continental breakfast .
Today I had some kipper for meal .
Today I had some kipper for petit dejeuner .
Today I had some kipper for power breakfast .
Today I had some kipper for repast .
Today I just feel like staying at home
Today I just feel like staying at home and doing nothing .
Today I shall go visit my friend , who is ill
Today I shall go visit my friend , who is ill and has to stay home .
Today is Friday , yesterday was Thursday , tomorrow is Saturday
Today is Friday , yesterday was Thursday , tomorrow is Saturday and then comes Sunday .
Today is Saturday
Today is Saturday and tomorrow is Sunday .
Today is Saturday and tomorrow will be Sunday .
Today is Tom
Today is Tom and Mary 's wedding anniversary .
Tokyo is larger than any Japan .
Tokyo is larger than any other city in Japan .
Tokyo wasted no action .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking absorption .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking acidification .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking action .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking adiabatic proces .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking aeration .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking antiredeposition .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking capture .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking cataphoresi .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking centrifugation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking chemical action .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking chemical change .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking chemical proces .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking chromatography .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking clotting .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking coagulation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking concretion .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking condensation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking convection .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking curdling .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking curing .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking decay .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking demagnetisation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking demagnetization .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking desorption .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking dielectrolysi .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking diffusion .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking disintegration .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking dissolution .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking distillation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking distillment .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking drift .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking ecesi .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking ecological succession .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking effervescence .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking electrophoresi .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking establishment .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking extinction .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking extraction .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking feedback .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking filtration .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking flocculation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking flow .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking formation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking fossilisation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking fossilization .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking geologic proces .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking geological proces .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking hardening .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking inactivation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking ion exchange .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking ionisation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking ionization .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking ionophoresi .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking leach .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking leaching .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking magnetic induction .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking magnetisation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking magnetization .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking materialisation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking materialization .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking natural selection .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking nuclear reaction .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking opacification .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking oscillation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking oxygenation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking pair creation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking pair formation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking pair production .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking phase change .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking phase transition .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking physical change .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking physical proces .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking precession of the equinox .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking proces .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking radiation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking release .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking rigidification .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking rigidifying .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking saltation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking scattering .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking selection .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking sericulture .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking set .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking sink .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking soak .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking soakage .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking soaking .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking softening .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking solidification .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking solidifying .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking sorption .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking source .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking state change .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking stiffening .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking stimulation .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking succession .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking survival .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking survival of the fittest .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking synergism .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking synergy .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking temperature change .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking transduction .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking transpiration .
Tokyo wasted no time in taking vitrification .
Tom 's
Tom 's a creature of habit ,
Tom 's a creature of habit , and does pretty much the same things every day .
Tom 's a keen hiker
Tom 's a keen hiker and bird~watcher .
Tom 's and Mary 's marriage began to fall apart .
Tom 's cellphone rang
Tom 's cellphone rang and he answered it .
Tom 's eyes are red ,
Tom 's eyes are red , and he looks very tired .
Tom 's father is taking Tom
Tom 's father is taking Tom and me skiing next weekend .
Tom 's father sold his Buick
Tom 's father sold his Buick and bought a Cadillac .
Tom 's first wife fleeced him ,
Tom 's first wife fleeced him , and he was broke when he met Mary .
Tom 's fuming again today - the slightest word
Tom 's fuming again today - the slightest word and he blows his top .
Tom 's grandmother is quite feeble
Tom 's grandmother is quite feeble and needs help with her daily activities .
Tom 's jokes are hilarious
Tom 's jokes are hilarious and get even better after he 's had a few beers .
Tom 's mind was divided into ten different personalities , who alternately took control . They all knew each~other
Tom 's mind was divided into ten different personalities , who alternately took control . They all knew each~other and considered themselves different individuals .
Tom 's new in town
Tom 's new in town and needs a job .
Tom 's parents do n't want Tom
Tom 's parents do n't want Tom and Mary to live together until after they are married .
Tom 's pillow is pink
Tom 's pillow is pink and has a picture of a fairy on it .
Tom 's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade
Tom 's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people do n't like that .
Tom 's third marriage was un happy
Tom 's third marriage was un happy and he was considering yet another divorce .
Tom , Mary
Tom , Mary , John
Tom , Mary , John and Alice were seated around the table .
Tom , Mary and John are all here .
Tom , Mary and John are sitting around the table .
Tom , Mary and John shared the cost of the party .
Tom , Mary and John spent Saturday practicing for the talent show .
Tom , Mary and John were playing tag on the playground .
Tom , come here
Tom , come here and sit with me .
Tom abandoned his wife
Tom abandoned his wife and children .
Tom absconded with millions of dollars from his company
Tom absconded with millions of dollars from his company and is living a life of luxury on an island in the Mediterranean .
Tom accidentally ate some poison .
Tom accidentally ate some rat destructivenes .
Tom accidentally ate some rat poison .
Tom added both his
Tom added both his and Mary 's name to the list .
Tom always seems to be very busy
Tom always seems to be very busy and does n't seem to have much free time .
Tom always thought that John
Tom always thought that John and Mary were such a nice couple .
Tom always wears sunglasses
Tom always wears sunglasses and a trench coat .
Tom and I both want you to be happy .
Tom and I have some business .
Tom and I have some unfinished advertisings .
Tom and I have some unfinished agribusinesses .
Tom and I have some unfinished agricultures .
Tom and I have some unfinished buildings .
Tom and I have some unfinished business .
Tom and I have some unfinished butcheries .
Tom and I have some unfinished butcherings .
Tom and I have some unfinished commerces .
Tom and I have some unfinished commercialisms .
Tom and I have some unfinished constructions .
Tom and I have some unfinished discount businesses .
Tom and I have some unfinished employee-owned businesses .
Tom and I have some unfinished employee-owned enterprises .
Tom and I have some unfinished factory farms .
Tom and I have some unfinished fields .
Tom and I have some unfinished fields of operation .
Tom and I have some unfinished finances .
Tom and I have some unfinished fishings .
Tom and I have some unfinished industries .
Tom and I have some unfinished lines of business .
Tom and I have some unfinished manufactures .
Tom and I have some unfinished mercantilisms .
Tom and I have some unfinished packagings .
Tom and I have some unfinished printings .
Tom and I have some unfinished publications .
Tom and I have some unfinished publicizings .
Tom and I have some unfinished publishings .
Tom and I have some unfinished real-estate businesses .
Tom and I have some unfinished shippings .
Tom and I have some unfinished storages .
Tom and I have some unfinished tourisms .
Tom and I have some unfinished touristries .
Tom and I have some unfinished transportations .
Tom and I have some unfinished transports .
Tom and I have some unfinished ventures .
Tom and I planted some house .
Tom and I planted some trees on the south side of the house .
Tom and I planted some trees on the south side of the management .
Tom and Mary are both old enough to know better .
Tom and Mary are both old enough to knowing better .
Tom and Mary are up to no benefit .
Tom and Mary are up to no better .
Tom and Mary are up to no desirability .
Tom and Mary are up to no desirablenes .
Tom and Mary are up to no good .
Tom and Mary are up to no optimum .
Tom and Mary are up to no quality .
Tom and Mary are up to no soundnes .
Tom and Mary are up to no welfare .
Tom and Mary are up to no wisdom .
Tom and Mary are up to no wisenes .
Tom and Mary are up to no worthines .
Tom and Mary do n't have the time
Tom and Mary do n't have the time or the money to take a trip .
Tom arrived at 2:30
Tom arrived at 2:30 and Mary arrived a short time later .
Tom arrived at the gate
Tom arrived at the gate and rang the bell .
Tom arrived home to find that Mary had packed her things
Tom arrived home to find that Mary had packed her things and left .
Tom arrived too early
Tom arrived too early and Mary was n't ready yet .
Tom asked Mary
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions , but she refused to answer some of them .
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions , but she refused to answer some them .
Tom asked Mary and her friends for help .
Tom asked Mary if she needed some help .
Tom asked Mary if she needed some helpfulnes .
Tom asked Mary if she wanted a sandwich
Tom asked Mary if she wanted a sandwich and she said yes .
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over and watch a movie .
Tom asked Mary out on a date
Tom asked Mary out on a date and she accepted .
Tom asked Mary to bring him back some paper from the supermarket .
Tom asked Mary to bring him back some toothpaste
Tom asked Mary to bring him back some toothpaste and toilet article from the supermarket .
Tom asked Mary to bring him back some toothpaste and toilet paper from the supermarket .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some Boston brown bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some English muffin .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some Host .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some anadama bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some baked good .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bap .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some barmbrack .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bread-stick .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some breadstick .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some brown bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bun .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some caraway seed bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some challah .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some cinnamon bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some cracked-wheat bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some cracker .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some crouton .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some dark bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some flatbread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some garlic bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some gluten bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some hallah .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some light bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some loaf .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some loaf of bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some matzah .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some matzo .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some matzoh .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some naan .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some nan .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some onion bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some quick bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some raisin bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some roll .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some rye bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some salt-rising bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some simnel .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some sour bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some sourdough bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some starch .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some toast .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some unleavened bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some wafer .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some white bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some whole meal bread .
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some whole wheat bread .
Tom asked Mary to pick up some paper at the supermarket .
Tom asked Mary to pick up some toothpaste
Tom asked Mary to pick up some toothpaste and some toilet paper at the supermarket .
Tom asked for Mary 's address
Tom asked for Mary 's address and wrote it down on a piece of scrap paper .
Tom asked if there were any marriage offers .
Tom asked if there were any marriage proposals .
Tom asked if there were any proposals .
Tom asked if there were any proposals of marriage .
Tom asked if there were any questions .
Tom asked me if I wanted some condiment on my hamburger .
Tom asked me if I wanted some ketchup on my hamburger .
Tom asked me if I was happy
Tom asked me if I was happy and I said I was .
Tom asked the same question over
Tom asked the same question over and over , but never got an answer .
Tom asked us a few questions
Tom asked us a few questions and we answered them .
Tom ate all his Indian meals in his room .
Tom ate all his cornmeals in his room .
Tom ate all his farinas in his room .
Tom ate all his food products in his room .
Tom ate all his foodstuffs in his room .
Tom ate all his kibbles in his room .
Tom ate all his matzah meals in his room .
Tom ate all his matzo meals in his room .
Tom ate all his matzoh meals in his room .
Tom ate all his meals in his room .
Tom ate all his oatmeals in his room .
Tom ate all his pea flours in his room .
Tom ate all his pinoles in his room .
Tom ate all his rolled oatss in his room .
Tom ate all meals in his room .
Tom ate one apple
Tom ate one apple and Mary ate the other .
Tom ate part of the ham ,
Tom ate part of the ham , and then put the rest into the refrigerator .
Tom ate the delicious meal
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought he must be in heaven .
Tom ate the free bread
Tom ate the free bread and then walked out of the restaurant .
Tom ate three eggs
Tom ate three eggs and a slice of toast .
Tom attended high~school for three years without missing a single day
Tom attended high~school for three years without missing a single day or ever being late .
Tom babysat John and Mary 's children yesterday evening .
Tom babysat John ø
Tom bad-mouthed Mary to all his friends
Tom bad-mouthed Mary to all his friends and family after their breakup .
Tom beat Mary black
Tom beat Mary black and blue .
Tom became tired of always having to pay the bill every time he went out with Mary .
Tom became tired of always having to pay the bill someone .
Tom became upset
Tom became upset and began to cry .
Tom began to like Mary more
Tom began to like Mary more and more .
Tom began to sing his favorite song
Tom began to sing his favorite song and Mary harmonized with him .
Tom believes that there are good
Tom believes that there are good and evil demons .
Tom believes that there is a time
Tom believes that there is a time and a place for everything .
Tom bent down
Tom bent down and picked up the coin .
Tom bent down and touched his toes .
Tom blew all his currency on a motorcycle .
Tom blew all his money on a motorcycle .
Tom blew all his sterling on a motorcycle .
Tom blew all money on a motorcycle .
Tom blocked Mary 's punch
Tom blocked Mary 's punch and kicked her again .
Tom blocked Mary 's way
Tom blocked Mary 's way and would n't let her enter the room .
Tom borrowed some big buck from Mary .
Tom borrowed some big money from Mary .
Tom borrowed some bundle from Mary .
Tom borrowed some megabuck from Mary .
Tom borrowed some money from Mary .
Tom borrowed some pile from Mary .
Tom borrowed some wealth from Mary .
Tom bought Mary some baking chocolates .
Tom bought Mary some bitter chocolates .
Tom bought Mary some chocolates .
Tom bought Mary some cooking chocolates .
Tom bought Mary some foods .
Tom bought Mary some solid foods .
Tom bought a bag of apples
Tom bought a bag of apples and he ate a third of them in one day .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free apothecary's shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bakehouse .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bakery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bakeshop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free barbershop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bazaar .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bazar .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free beauty parlmy .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free beauty parlor .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free beauty salon .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free beauty shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free betting shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bodega .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bookshop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bookstall .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free bookstore .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free booth .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free boutique .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free building supply house .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free building supply store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free butcher shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free candy store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free canteen .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free chain store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free chemist' .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free chemist's shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free cleaner .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free clothing store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free commissary .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free computer store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free confectionary .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free confectionery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free convenience store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free deli .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free delicatessen .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free dress shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free drugstore .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free dry cleaner .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free fix-it shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free florist .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free florist shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free flower store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free food shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free gift shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free haberdashery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free haberdashery store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free hardware store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free hat shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free head shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free ironmonger .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free ironmonger's shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free junk shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free liquor store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free loan office .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free meat market .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free mens store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free mercantile establishment .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free millinery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free novelty shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free off-licence .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free outfitter .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free outlet .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free package store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pawnbroker's shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pawnshop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free perfumery .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pet shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pharmacy .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pizza parlor .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pizza shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free pizzerium .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free repair shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free retail store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free sales outlet .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free salon .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free second-hand store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shoe shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shoe store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shoe-shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free specialty store .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free thriftshop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free tobacco shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free tobacconist .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free tobacconist shop .
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free toyshop .
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed and lost .
Tom bought a newspaper
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train .
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train on the way to work .
Tom bought a squirrel magnet
Tom bought a squirrel magnet and put it on the fridge .
Tom bought a ticket
Tom bought a ticket and went in .
Tom bought female child some chocolates .
Tom bought girl some chocolates .
Tom bought individual some chocolates .
Tom bought little girl some chocolates .
Tom bought mortal some chocolates .
Tom bought person some chocolates .
Tom bought some Adonis annuas for Mary .
Tom bought some African daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some African violets for Mary .
Tom bought some Alsobia dianthifloras for Mary .
Tom bought some Amberboa moschatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Anemonella thalictroidess for Mary .
Tom bought some Arctotis stoechadifolias for Mary .
Tom bought some Arctotis venustas for Mary .
Tom bought some Bessera eleganss for Mary .
Tom bought some Boston brown bread .
Tom bought some Brachycome Iberidifolias for Mary .
Tom bought some Callistephus chinenses for Mary .
Tom bought some Carolina spring beauties for Mary .
Tom bought some Centaurea cyanuss for Mary .
Tom bought some Centaurea imperialiss for Mary .
Tom bought some Centaurea moschatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Centranthus rubers for Mary .
Tom bought some Cheiranthus asperuss for Mary .
Tom bought some Cheiranthus cheiris for Mary .
Tom bought some China asters for Mary .
Tom bought some Christmas bellss for Mary .
Tom bought some Chrysanthemum coccineums for Mary .
Tom bought some Chrysanthemum leucanthemums for Mary .
Tom bought some Clatonia lanceolatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Claytonia carolinianas for Mary .
Tom bought some Claytonia virginicas for Mary .
Tom bought some Conoclinium coelestinums for Mary .
Tom bought some Consolida ambiguas for Mary .
Tom bought some Cotula coronopifolias for Mary .
Tom bought some Cyclamen hederifoliums for Mary .
Tom bought some Cyclamen neopolitanums for Mary .
Tom bought some Cyclamen purpurascenss for Mary .
Tom bought some Dahlia pinnatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Dame's violets for Mary .
Tom bought some Delphinium ajaces for Mary .
Tom bought some Easter daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some English muffin .
Tom bought some Episcia dianthifloras for Mary .
Tom bought some Erysimum arkansanums for Mary .
Tom bought some Erysimum asperums for Mary .
Tom bought some Erysimum cheiris for Mary .
Tom bought some Eupatorium coelestinums for Mary .
Tom bought some Felicia amelloidess for Mary .
Tom bought some Felicia bergerianas for Mary .
Tom bought some French honeysuckles for Mary .
Tom bought some Glaucium flavums for Mary .
Tom bought some Gomphrena globosas for Mary .
Tom bought some Gypsophila paniculatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Hesperis matronaliss for Mary .
Tom bought some Holocentrus ascensioniss for his aquarium .
Tom bought some Holocentrus bullisis for his aquarium .
Tom bought some Holocentrus coruscuss for his aquarium .
Tom bought some Host .
Tom bought some Layia platyglossas for Mary .
Tom bought some Leucanthemum vulgares for Mary .
Tom bought some Linaria vulgariss for Mary .
Tom bought some Lindheimera texanas for Mary .
Tom bought some Lithophragma affines for Mary .
Tom bought some Lithophragma affiniss for Mary .
Tom bought some Lobularia maritimas for Mary .
Tom bought some Lonas annuas for Mary .
Tom bought some Lonas inodoras for Mary .
Tom bought some Malcolm stocks for Mary .
Tom bought some Malcolmia maritimas for Mary .
Tom bought some Mentzelia laevicauliss for Mary .
Tom bought some Mentzelia lindleyis for Mary .
Tom bought some Mentzelia livicauliss for Mary .
Tom bought some Mexican sunflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some Moehringia laterifloras for Mary .
Tom bought some Moehringia mucosas for Mary .
Tom bought some Nyctaginia capitatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Pericallis cruentas for Mary .
Tom bought some Pericallis hybridas for Mary .
Tom bought some Polianthes tuberosas for Mary .
Tom bought some Ranunculus ficarias for Mary .
Tom bought some Saintpaulia ionanthas for Mary .
Tom bought some Saponaria officinaliss for Mary .
Tom bought some Saponaria vaccarias for Mary .
Tom bought some Schizopetalon walkeris for Mary .
Tom bought some Senecio cruentuss for Mary .
Tom bought some Sparaxis tricolors for Mary .
Tom bought some Stokesia laeviss for Mary .
Tom bought some Swan River daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some Tanacetum coccineums for Mary .
Tom bought some Tellima affiniss for Mary .
Tom bought some Texas stars for Mary .
Tom bought some Townsendia Exscapas for Mary .
Tom bought some Vaccaria hispanicas for Mary .
Tom bought some Vaccaria pyramidatas for Mary .
Tom bought some Virginia spring beauties for Mary .
Tom bought some Virginia stocks for Mary .
Tom bought some Virginian stocks for Mary .
Tom bought some Zantedeschia aethiopicas for Mary .
Tom bought some acanthopterygians for his aquarium .
Tom bought some achimeness for Mary .
Tom bought some ageratums for Mary .
Tom bought some ammobiums for Mary .
Tom bought some anadama bread .
Tom bought some anemones for Mary .
Tom bought some angiosperms for Mary .
Tom bought some apples
Tom bought some apples and made apple Bercy .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Bercy butter .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Burgundy sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Chinese brown sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Colbert .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Colbert butter .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Espagnole .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Hungarian sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Lyonnaise sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Nantua .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Newburg sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Poivrade .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Smitane .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Soubise .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Worcester sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Worcestershire .
Tom bought some apples and made apple Worcestershire sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple aioli .
Tom bought some apples and made apple aioli sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple allemande .
Tom bought some apples and made apple allemande sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple anchovy sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple apricot sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple barbecue sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bearnaise .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bechamel .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bechamel sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bordelaise .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bourguignon .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bourguignon sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple bread sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple brown onion sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple brown sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple caper sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple chocolate sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple chocolate syrup .
Tom bought some apples and made apple cocktail sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple condiment .
Tom bought some apples and made apple curry sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple demi-glaze .
Tom bought some apples and made apple demiglace .
Tom bought some apples and made apple dressing .
Tom bought some apples and made apple garlic sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple gravy .
Tom bought some apples and made apple hard sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple hollandaise .
Tom bought some apples and made apple horseradish sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple hot sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple hunter's sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple marchand de vin .
Tom bought some apples and made apple mole .
Tom bought some apples and made apple mushroom sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple mushroom wine sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple mustard sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple paprika sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple pasta sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple peach sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple pepper sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple pesto .
Tom bought some apples and made apple plum sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple poulette .
Tom bought some apples and made apple ravigote .
Tom bought some apples and made apple ravigotte .
Tom bought some apples and made apple remoulade sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple salad dressing .
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce Albert .
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce Espagnole .
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce chausseur .
Tom bought some apples and made apple seafood sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple shrimp sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple snail butter .
Tom bought some apples and made apple spaghetti sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple tartar sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple tartare sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple veloute .
Tom bought some apples and made apple white onion sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple white sauce .
Tom bought some apples and made apple wine sauce .
Tom bought some aquileges for Mary .
Tom bought some aquilegias for Mary .
Tom bought some arum lilies for Mary .
Tom bought some asters for Mary .
Tom bought some babies'-breaths for Mary .
Tom bought some baby's breaths for Mary .
Tom bought some bachelor's buttons for Mary .
Tom bought some baked good .
Tom bought some bap .
Tom bought some barmbrack .
Tom bought some bartonias for Mary .
Tom bought some begonias for Mary .
Tom bought some bellworts for Mary .
Tom bought some billy buttonss for Mary .
Tom bought some blazing stars for Mary .
Tom bought some bloomers for Mary .
Tom bought some blue daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some blue marguerites for Mary .
Tom bought some blue-eyed African daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some bluebottles for Mary .
Tom bought some bouncing Besses for Mary .
Tom bought some bouncing Bets for Mary .
Tom bought some brass buttonss for Mary .
Tom bought some bread .
Tom bought some bread-stick .
Tom bought some breadstick .
Tom bought some breadstuffs .
Tom bought some browallias for Mary .
Tom bought some brown bread .
Tom bought some bun .
Tom bought some bush violets for Mary .
Tom bought some butter-and-eggss for Mary .
Tom bought some butterfly flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some calceolarias for Mary .
Tom bought some calendulas for Mary .
Tom bought some calla lilies for Mary .
Tom bought some callas for Mary .
Tom bought some campions for Mary .
Tom bought some candytufts for Mary .
Tom bought some cape marigolds for Mary .
Tom bought some caraway seed bread .
Tom bought some catananches for Mary .
Tom bought some catchflies for Mary .
Tom bought some centauries for Mary .
Tom bought some challah .
Tom bought some chrysanthemums for Mary .
Tom bought some cinerarias for Mary .
Tom bought some cinnamon bread .
Tom bought some columbines for Mary .
Tom bought some commelinas for Mary .
Tom bought some composite plants for Mary .
Tom bought some composites for Mary .
Tom bought some coneflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some coral dropss for Mary .
Tom bought some cornflower asters for Mary .
Tom bought some cornflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some corydaliss for Mary .
Tom bought some cosmeas for Mary .
Tom bought some cosmos for Mary .
Tom bought some cotton roses for Mary .
Tom bought some cow cockles for Mary .
Tom bought some cowherbs for Mary .
Tom bought some cracked-wheat bread .
Tom bought some cracker .
Tom bought some crouton .
Tom bought some croutons .
Tom bought some cudweeds for Mary .
Tom bought some cyclamens for Mary .
Tom bought some dahlias for Mary .
Tom bought some daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some damask violets for Mary .
Tom bought some dark bread .
Tom bought some deepwater squirrelfish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some delphiniums for Mary .
Tom bought some devil's flaxes for Mary .
Tom bought some fig marigolds for Mary .
Tom bought some filagoes for Mary .
Tom bought some flatbread .
Tom bought some florest's cinerarias for Mary .
Tom bought some flowering plants for Mary .
Tom bought some flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some four o'clocks for Mary .
Tom bought some fruit .
Tom bought some garden pinks for Mary .
Tom bought some garlic bread .
Tom bought some gazanias for Mary .
Tom bought some gentians for Mary .
Tom bought some gerardias for Mary .
Tom bought some gillyflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some give to his friends .
Tom bought some globe amaranths for Mary .
Tom bought some gluten bread .
Tom bought some hallah .
Tom bought some hedge pinks for Mary .
Tom bought some helianthuss for Mary .
Tom bought some heliophilas for Mary .
Tom bought some horn poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some horned poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some hot water plants for Mary .
Tom bought some kingfisher daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some lace-flower vines for Mary .
Tom bought some lesser celandines for Mary .
Tom bought some light bread .
Tom bought some loaf .
Tom bought some loaf of bread .
Tom bought some lychniss for Mary .
Tom bought some marguerites for Mary .
Tom bought some marigolds for Mary .
Tom bought some matzah .
Tom bought some matzo .
Tom bought some matzoh .
Tom bought some merry bellss for Mary .
Tom bought some mist-flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some mistflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some moon daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to elasticity to his friends .
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to give to his friends .
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to snap to his friends .
Tom bought some naan .
Tom bought some nan .
Tom bought some nigellas for Mary .
Tom bought some old maid flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some old maids for Mary .
Tom bought some onion bread .
Tom bought some orchidaceous plants for Mary .
Tom bought some orchids for Mary .
Tom bought some ox-eyed daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some oxeye daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some paeonies for Mary .
Tom bought some painted daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some peace lilies for Mary .
Tom bought some pebble plants for Mary .
Tom bought some peonies for Mary .
Tom bought some petunias for Mary .
Tom bought some phacelias for Mary .
Tom bought some pheasant's-eyes for Mary .
Tom bought some pileworts for Mary .
Tom bought some pinks for Mary .
Tom bought some poor man's orchids for Mary .
Tom bought some poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some portulacas for Mary .
Tom bought some prairie rockets for Mary .
Tom bought some pyrethrums for Mary .
Tom bought some quick bread .
Tom bought some raisin bread .
Tom bought some red valerians for Mary .
Tom bought some reef squirrelfish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some rocket larkspurs for Mary .
Tom bought some roll .
Tom bought some rue anemones for Mary .
Tom bought some rye bread .
Tom bought some salt-rising bread .
Tom bought some sandworts for Mary .
Tom bought some sauce .
Tom bought some scabiosas for Mary .
Tom bought some scabiouss for Mary .
Tom bought some scarlet musk flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some schizanthuss for Mary .
Tom bought some schizopetalons for Mary .
Tom bought some scorpion weeds for Mary .
Tom bought some scorpionweeds for Mary .
Tom bought some sea poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some shop .
Tom bought some shortias for Mary .
Tom bought some silenes for Mary .
Tom bought some simnel .
Tom bought some slipperworts for Mary .
Tom bought some snapdragons for Mary .
Tom bought some soapworts for Mary .
Tom bought some soldier-fish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some soldierfish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some sour bread .
Tom bought some sourdough bread .
Tom bought some sowbreads for Mary .
Tom bought some spathe flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some spathiphyllums for Mary .
Tom bought some speedwells for Mary .
Tom bought some spiny-finned fish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some spring beauties for Mary .
Tom bought some squirrelfish for his aquarium .
Tom bought some staffs of life .
Tom bought some starch .
Tom bought some stars of the veldt for Mary .
Tom bought some stemless daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some stocks for Mary .
Tom bought some stokes' asters for Mary .
Tom bought some streptocarpuss for Mary .
Tom bought some sun marigolds for Mary .
Tom bought some sunflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some sweet alisons for Mary .
Tom bought some sweet alyssums for Mary .
Tom bought some sweet rockets for Mary .
Tom bought some sweet sultans for Mary .
Tom bought some tidy tipss for Mary .
Tom bought some tidytipss for Mary .
Tom bought some tithonias for Mary .
Tom bought some toadflaxes for Mary .
Tom bought some toast .
Tom bought some tuberoses for Mary .
Tom bought some umbrellaworts for Mary .
Tom bought some unleavened bread .
Tom bought some ursinias for Mary .
Tom bought some valerians for Mary .
Tom bought some vegetables
Tom bought some vegetables and aftermath .
Tom bought some vegetables and consequence .
Tom bought some vegetables and fruit .
Tom bought some verbenas for Mary .
Tom bought some veronicas for Mary .
Tom bought some vervains for Mary .
Tom bought some wafer .
Tom bought some wallflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some wandflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some western wall flowers for Mary .
Tom bought some white bread .
Tom bought some white daisies for Mary .
Tom bought some white-topped asters for Mary .
Tom bought some whole meal bread .
Tom bought some whole wheat bread .
Tom bought some wild oatss for Mary .
Tom bought some wild snapdragons for Mary .
Tom bought some windflowers for Mary .
Tom bought some woodland stars for Mary .
Tom bought some xeranthemums for Mary .
Tom bought some yellow ageratums for Mary .
Tom bought some yellow horned poppies for Mary .
Tom bought some zinnias for Mary .
Tom bought somebody some chocolates .
Tom bought someone some chocolates .
Tom bought soul some chocolates .
Tom broke both of his fare-stages .
Tom broke both of his legs .
Tom broke both of his travelings .
Tom broke both of his travellings .
Tom broke both of his travels .
Tom broke his leg last year
Tom broke his leg last year and has limped ever since .
Tom broke his promise
Tom broke his promise and did n't help Mary .
Tom broke one of the rules
Tom broke one of the rules and was kicked out of school .
Tom brushed his teeth
Tom brushed his teeth and washed his face .
Tom brushes his teeth after every Indian meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every cornmeal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every farina .
Tom brushes his teeth after every food product .
Tom brushes his teeth after every foodstuff .
Tom brushes his teeth after every kibble .
Tom brushes his teeth after every matzah meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every matzo meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every matzoh meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every meal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every oatmeal .
Tom brushes his teeth after every pea flmy .
Tom brushes his teeth after every pinole .
Tom brushes his teeth after every rolled oat .
Tom bumped into Mary
Tom bumped into Mary and spilled his drink on her .
Tom burst into tears
Tom burst into tears and ran upstairs .
Tom ca n't stand Mary
Tom ca n't stand Mary and she knows it .
Tom ca n't swim
Tom ca n't swim and neither can Mary .
Tom called Mary
Tom called Mary and asked her to meet him for a drink at the bar across from his office .
Tom called Mary and told her he 'd be late .
Tom called Mary last night
Tom called Mary last night and encouraged her to join the team .
Tom calls Mary every night
Tom calls Mary every night and talks with her for at~least 45 minutes .
Tom came up to me after class
Tom came up to me after class and asked me a few questions .
Tom can also speak some Anglo-French .
Tom can also speak some Anglo-Norman .
Tom can also speak some Canadian French .
Tom can also speak some French .
Tom can also speak some Langue d'oc .
Tom can also speak some Langue d'oc French .
Tom can also speak some Langue d'oil .
Tom can also speak some Langue d'oil French .
Tom can also speak some Latinian language .
Tom can also speak some Norman French .
Tom can also speak some Norman-French .
Tom can also speak some Old French .
Tom can also speak some Old North French .
Tom can also speak some Romance .
Tom can also speak some Romance language .
Tom can also speak some Walloon .
Tom caught Mary 's eye
Tom caught Mary 's eye and then pointed at his watch .
Tom caught a mosquito between his thumb
Tom caught a mosquito between his thumb and first finger .
Tom caught the ball with both complements .
Tom caught the ball with both forces .
Tom caught the ball with both full complements .
Tom caught the ball with both hands .
Tom caught the ball with both personnels .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help metallic elements .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help metals .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help uranium 235s .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help uranium 238s .
Tom certainly made no attempt to help us .
Tom certainly made no us .
Tom changed a few words on the report
Tom changed a few words on the report and resubmitted it .
Tom chased the mugger
Tom chased the mugger and caught him .
Tom checked Mary 's pulse
Tom checked Mary 's pulse and was relieved to find that she was still alive .
Tom chose a song from the list
Tom chose a song from the list and began singing it .
Tom cleared his throat
Tom cleared his throat and continued to speak .
Tom closed his briefcase
Tom closed his briefcase and handed it to Mary .
Tom closed his eyes
Tom closed his eyes and began to count sheep .
Tom closed his eyes and took a deep breath .
Tom closed his umbrella
Tom closed his umbrella and put it in the umbrella rack near the door .
Tom closed the door quietly
Tom closed the door quietly and tiptoed into the room .
Tom closed the magazine
Tom closed the magazine and put it into his knapsack .
Tom comes from a culture where women artificially color their lips
Tom comes from a culture where women artificially color their lips and put holes in their earlobes .
Tom complains that his new phone is too big
Tom complains that his new phone is too big and that it wo n't fit in his pants .
Tom could 've
Tom could 've and should 've helped Mary .
Tom could n't just sit by
Tom could n't just sit by and watch Mary being bullied .
Tom crawled into bed
Tom crawled into bed and pulled the covers over himself .
Tom crumpled up the paper
Tom crumpled up the paper and threw it in the trashcan .
Tom cut off a piece of meat
Tom cut off a piece of meat and put it on his plate .
Tom decided then
Tom decided then and there to never let this happen again .
Tom did all could .
Tom did all that he could .
Tom did n't break his new shoes in enough before the marathon ,
Tom did n't break his new shoes in enough before the marathon , and got bad blisters on his feet .
Tom did n't have any brothers
Tom did n't have any brothers or sisters .
Tom did n't know any of the details of Mary 's plan .
Tom did n't know someone 's plan .
Tom did n't laugh at any of Mary 's jokes .
Tom did n't meet Mary
Tom did n't meet Mary or anyone else .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's A .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's B .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's C .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's D .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's E .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's F .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's G .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's H .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's I .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's J .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's K .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's L .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's M .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's N .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's O .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's P .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's Q .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's R .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's S .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's T .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's U .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's V .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's W .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's X .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's Y .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's Z .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's a .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's aleph .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's alpha .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's ascender .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's ayin .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's b .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's beth .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's betum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's block capital .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's block letter .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's c .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's character .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's chi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's consonant .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's d .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's daleth .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's deltum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's descender .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's digram .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's digraph .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's double-u .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's e .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's epsilon .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's etum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's ex .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's ezed .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's f .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's g .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's gamma .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's gimel .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's grapheme .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's graphic symbol .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's h .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's he .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's heth .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's i .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's initial .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's iotum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's izzard .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's j .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's k .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's kaph .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's kappa .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's khi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's l .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's lambda .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's lamedh .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's letter .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's m .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's mem .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's mu .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's n .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's nu .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's nun .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's o .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's omega .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's omicron .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's p .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's pe .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's phi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's polyphone .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's polyphonic letter .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's psi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's pus .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's q .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's qoph .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's r .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's resh .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's rho .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's s .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's sadhe .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's samekh .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's shin .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's sigma .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's sin .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's t .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's tau .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's taw .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's teth .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's thetum .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's u .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's upsilon .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's v .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's vowel .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's w .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's waw .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's wye .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's x .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's xi .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's y .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's yodh .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's z .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's zayin .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's zed .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's zee .
Tom did n't reply to any of Mary 's zetum .
Tom did n't someone 's jokes .
Tom digitized an old family photo
Tom digitized an old family photo and emailed it to his mother .
Tom dipped a strawberry in chocolate
Tom dipped a strawberry in chocolate and then put it in his mouth .
Tom disliked both Mary
Tom disliked both Mary and John .
Tom does any study .
Tom does any thing but examination .
Tom does any thing but resurvey .
Tom does any thing but scrutiny .
Tom does any thing but study .
Tom does n't eat meat
Tom does n't eat meat and neither does Mary .
Tom does n't have any brothers
Tom does n't have any brothers and sisters .
Tom does n't have any brothers or sisters .
Tom does n't know any of Mary 's friends .
Tom does n't know if Mary is dead
Tom does n't know if Mary is dead or alive .
Tom does n't know someone 's friends .
Tom does n't know the difference between wine
Tom does n't know the difference between wine and champagne .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's big buck .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's big money .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's bundle .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's megabuck .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's money .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's pile .
Tom does n't want any of Mary 's wealth .
Tom drew a gun
Tom drew a gun and shot Mary .
Tom drew a revolver
Tom drew a revolver and shot John 's hat off his head .
Tom drew his gun
Tom drew his gun and shot one of the men .
Tom drives a bus
Tom drives a bus and Mary is a tour guide .
Tom drives a truck
Tom drives a truck and his wife drives a station~wagon .
Tom dropped a cup on the floor
Tom dropped a cup on the floor and it shattered into a thousand pieces .
Tom dropped a dish
Tom dropped a dish and it broke .
Tom dropped a strawberry on the floor
Tom dropped a strawberry on the floor and Mary stepped on it .
Tom dropped his cup
Tom dropped his cup and broke it .
Tom dropped his suitcase
Tom dropped his suitcase and ran away .
Tom earned some appropriation by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some boodle by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some bread by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some cabbage by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some clam by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some dinero by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some dough by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some fund by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some gelt by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some kale by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some lettuce by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some lolly by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some loot by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some lucre by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some medium of exchange by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some monetary fund by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some monetary system by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some money by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some moolah by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some pelf by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some scratch by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some shekel by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some shinplaster by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some simoleon by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some subsidisation by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some subsidization by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some sugar by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some token money by mowing lawns .
Tom earned some wampum by mowing lawns .
Tom eats eggs without salt
Tom eats eggs without salt or pepper .
Tom entered the empty room
Tom entered the empty room and immediately noticed a lit cigarette in the ashtray .
Tom entered the room
Tom entered the room and turned on the lights .
Tom falls asleep every .
Tom falls asleep every night watching TV .
Tom fell off the roof
Tom fell off the roof and broke three ribs .
Tom fell over jogging
Tom fell over jogging and broke his arm .
Tom felt deep inside that Mary was still alive ,
Tom felt deep inside that Mary was still alive , and he did n't give up hope to find and rescue her .
Tom felt that there was no hurry .
Tom felt that there was no need to hurry .
Tom felt that there was no need to urgency .
Tom filled his glass
Tom filled his glass and then filled one for Mary .
Tom filled the pot with water
Tom filled the pot with water and put it on the stove .
Tom finally overcame his shyness
Tom finally overcame his shyness and asked Mary to go out with him .
Tom finished reading the book
Tom finished reading the book and returned it to Mary .
Tom flipped over the card
Tom flipped over the card and saw that it was the ace of spades .
Tom flipped the coin in the air
Tom flipped the coin in the air and then caught it .
Tom folded his clothes
Tom folded his clothes and put them in his suitcase .
Tom folded the letter
Tom folded the letter and put it into the envelope .
Tom followed in his father 's footsteps
Tom followed in his father 's footsteps and became a lawyer .
Tom for Mary
Tom for Mary and Mary for Tom were alternatively the subject and the object .
Tom forgot his wedding anniversary
Tom forgot his wedding anniversary and Mary was upset .
Tom found Mary 's diary
Tom found Mary 's diary and read the last three pages .
Tom found his glasses
Tom found his glasses and put them on .
Tom gave Mary a dirty look
Tom gave Mary a dirty look and then left the room .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the butts .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the goats .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the individuals .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the laughingstocks .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the mortals .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the people .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the somebodies .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the someones .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the souls .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the stooges .
Tom gave Mary a list of all the victims .
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss and walked out the door .
Tom gave Mary all had .
Tom gave Mary all the money he had .
Tom gave Mary all victims .
Tom gave Mary flowers
Tom gave Mary flowers and chocolate on their anniversary .
Tom gave Mary some advice .
Tom gave Mary some cognitive content .
Tom gave Mary some content .
Tom gave Mary some food .
Tom gave Mary some good admonition .
Tom gave Mary some good advice .
Tom gave Mary some good monition .
Tom gave Mary some good proposal .
Tom gave Mary some good warning .
Tom gave Mary some good word of advice .
Tom gave Mary some mental object .
Tom gave Mary some pabulum .
Tom gave Mary the receipt
Tom gave Mary the receipt and told her to put it in her purse .
Tom gave female child a list of all the victims .
Tom gave female child some food .
Tom gave female child some good advice .
Tom gave girl a list of all the victims .
Tom gave girl some food .
Tom gave girl some good advice .
Tom gave his son some advice .
Tom gave his son some fatherly advice .
Tom gave individual a list of all the victims .
Tom gave individual some food .
Tom gave individual some good advice .
Tom gave little girl a list of all the victims .
Tom gave little girl some food .
Tom gave little girl some good advice .
Tom gave me a couple of slices of toast
Tom gave me a couple of slices of toast and a glass of milk .
Tom gave mortal a list of all the victims .
Tom gave mortal some food .
Tom gave mortal some good advice .
Tom gave person a list of all the victims .
Tom gave person some food .
Tom gave person some good advice .
Tom gave some Easter egg to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some Life Saver to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some Turkish Delight to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some acidophilus milk to the cat .
Tom gave some all-day sucker to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some beverage to the cat .
Tom gave some bonbon to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some brandyball to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some brittle to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some buttermilk to the cat .
Tom gave some butterscotch to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy cane to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy corn to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy kis to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some candyflos to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some caramel to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some carob bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some certified milk to the cat .
Tom gave some chocolate milk to the cat .
Tom gave some chocolate truffle to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some condensed milk to the cat .
Tom gave some confection to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some cotton candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some cows' milk to the cat .
Tom gave some dairy product to the cat .
Tom gave some dragee to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some dried milk to the cat .
Tom gave some drink to the cat .
Tom gave some drinkable to the cat .
Tom gave some dry milk to the cat .
Tom gave some evaporated milk to the cat .
Tom gave some fondant to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some fudge to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some goats' milk to the cat .
Tom gave some gumdrop to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some hard candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some homogenized milk to the cat .
Tom gave some honey crisp to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some horehound to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some jelly bean to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some jelly egg to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some kis to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some licorice to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some liquorice to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some lollipop to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some low-fat milk to the cat .
Tom gave some lozenge to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some marchpane to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some marshmallow to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some marzipan to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some milk powder to the cat .
Tom gave some milk to the cat .
Tom gave some mint candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some mint to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some nougat bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some nougat to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some nut bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some pasteurized milk to the cat .
Tom gave some patty to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some peanut bar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some popcorn ball to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some potable to the cat .
Tom gave some powdered milk to the cat .
Tom gave some praline to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some raw milk to the cat .
Tom gave some rock candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some rock to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some scalded milk to the cat .
Tom gave some semi-skimmed milk to the cat .
Tom gave some skim milk to the cat .
Tom gave some skimmed milk to the cat .
Tom gave some sour milk to the cat .
Tom gave some spun sugar to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some sucker to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some sugar candy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some sugarplum to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some sweet to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some taffy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some toffee to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some toffy to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some truffle to his grandchildren .
Tom gave some whole milk to the cat .
Tom gave some yak's milk to the cat .
Tom gave somebody a list of all the victims .
Tom gave somebody some food .
Tom gave somebody some good advice .
Tom gave someone a list of all the victims .
Tom gave someone some food .
Tom gave someone some good advice .
Tom gave soul a list of all the victims .
Tom gave soul some food .
Tom gave soul some good advice .
Tom glared at Mary with hatred
Tom glared at Mary with hatred and disgust .
Tom got a blanket
Tom got a blanket and put it over Mary .
Tom got a toy hammer
Tom got a toy hammer and toolbox for Christmas .
Tom got back in his car
Tom got back in his car and drove away .
Tom got in his car
Tom got in his car and drove away .
Tom got in his car and drove off .
Tom got in the car
Tom got in the car and they drove off .
Tom got in the car with Mary
Tom got in the car with Mary and they drove off .
Tom got into a fight with Mary 's brother
Tom got into a fight with Mary 's brother and broke his nose .
Tom got into his car
Tom got into his car and drove off .
Tom got into his car and quickly drove off .
Tom got into the car with Mary
Tom got into the car with Mary and they drove away .
Tom got into the driver 's seat
Tom got into the driver 's seat and drove off .
Tom got mad
Tom got mad and called Mary names .
Tom got no Mary .
Tom got no answer from Mary .
Tom got no answer from adult female .
Tom got no answer from female child .
Tom got no answer from female offspring .
Tom got no answer from foster sister .
Tom got no answer from foster-sister .
Tom got no answer from girl .
Tom got no answer from girl wonder .
Tom got no answer from individual .
Tom got no answer from little girl .
Tom got no answer from mortal .
Tom got no answer from person .
Tom got no answer from somebody .
Tom got no answer from someone .
Tom got no answer from soul .
Tom got no answer from woman .
Tom got on a horse
Tom got on a horse and followed Mary .
Tom got on his motorcycle
Tom got on his motorcycle and drove off .
Tom got out of the bathtub
Tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself off .
Tom got the corkscrew out of the drawer
Tom got the corkscrew out of the drawer and opened the bottle of wine that Mary had brought .
Tom got up
Tom got up and went to the refrigerator for another beer .
Tom got up at every day .
Tom got up at six almost every day .
Tom got up at six almost every sidereal time .
Tom got up at six almost every time unit .
Tom got up at six almost every unit of time .
Tom grabbed Mary 's arm
Tom grabbed Mary 's arm and pulled her towards the door .
Tom grabbed Mary by the throat
Tom grabbed Mary by the throat and choked her .
Tom grabbed a chair
Tom grabbed a chair and sat down .
Tom grabbed his backpack
Tom grabbed his backpack and left .
Tom grabbed his coat
Tom grabbed his coat and headed for the door .
Tom grabbed his guitar
Tom grabbed his guitar and headed for the door .
Tom grabbed his umbrella
Tom grabbed his umbrella and headed for the elevator .
Tom grabbed some paper~towels
Tom grabbed some paper~towels and wiped his hands .
Tom grabbed some towels and wiped his hands .
Tom grew a beard because he thought that all men had beards .
Tom grew a beard because he thought that all wise men had beards .
Tom grew up speaking both English
Tom grew up speaking both English .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Anglo-French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Anglo-Norman .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Canadian French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Langue d'oc .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Langue d'oc French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Langue d'oil .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Langue d'oil French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Latinian language .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Norman French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Norman-French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Old French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Old North French .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Romance .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Romance language .
Tom grew up speaking both English and Walloon .
Tom grew up speaking both French
Tom grew up speaking both French .
Tom grew up speaking both French and English .
Tom grew up speaking both French and art .
Tom grew up speaking both French and humanistic discipline .
Tom grew up speaking both French and humanity .
Tom grew up speaking both French and liberal art .
Tom grows tomatoes
Tom grows tomatoes and lettuce in his garden .
Tom had both inside~out .
Tom had both of his socks on inside~out .
Tom had n't eaten anything the whole day
Tom had n't eaten anything the whole day and was very hungry .
Tom had n't eaten since breakfast
Tom had n't eaten since breakfast and was getting hungry .
Tom had no Mary .
Tom had no anxieties about lying .
Tom had no choice but to follow Mary .
Tom had no choice but to follow adult female .
Tom had no choice but to follow female child .
Tom had no choice but to follow female offspring .
Tom had no choice but to follow foster sister .
Tom had no choice but to follow foster-sister .
Tom had no choice but to follow girl .
Tom had no choice but to follow girl wonder .
Tom had no choice but to follow individual .
Tom had no choice but to follow little girl .
Tom had no choice but to follow mortal .
Tom had no choice but to follow person .
Tom had no choice but to follow somebody .
Tom had no choice but to follow someone .
Tom had no choice but to follow soul .
Tom had no choice but to follow woman .
Tom had no desire to argue with Mary .
Tom had no desire to argue with adult female .
Tom had no desire to argue with female child .
Tom had no desire to argue with female offspring .
Tom had no desire to argue with foster sister .
Tom had no desire to argue with foster-sister .
Tom had no desire to argue with girl .
Tom had no desire to argue with girl wonder .
Tom had no desire to argue with individual .
Tom had no desire to argue with little girl .
Tom had no desire to argue with mortal .
Tom had no desire to argue with person .
Tom had no desire to argue with somebody .
Tom had no desire to argue with someone .
Tom had no desire to argue with soul .
Tom had no desire to argue with woman .
Tom had no desire to go out with Mary .
Tom had no desire to go out with adult female .
Tom had no desire to go out with female child .
Tom had no desire to go out with female offspring .
Tom had no desire to go out with foster sister .
Tom had no desire to go out with foster-sister .
Tom had no desire to go out with girl .
Tom had no desire to go out with girl wonder .
Tom had no desire to go out with individual .
Tom had no desire to go out with little girl .
Tom had no desire to go out with mortal .
Tom had no desire to go out with person .
Tom had no desire to go out with somebody .
Tom had no desire to go out with someone .
Tom had no desire to go out with soul .
Tom had no desire to go out with woman .
Tom had no desire to kiss Mary .
Tom had no desire to kiss adult female .
Tom had no desire to kiss female child .
Tom had no desire to kiss female offspring .
Tom had no desire to kiss foster sister .
Tom had no desire to kiss foster-sister .
Tom had no desire to kiss girl .
Tom had no desire to kiss girl wonder .
Tom had no desire to kiss individual .
Tom had no desire to kiss little girl .
Tom had no desire to kiss mortal .
Tom had no desire to kiss person .
Tom had no desire to kiss somebody .
Tom had no desire to kiss someone .
Tom had no desire to kiss soul .
Tom had no desire to kiss woman .
Tom had no did .
Tom had no end on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no final cause on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no goal on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no happen .
Tom had no high~school .
Tom had no idea Mary was person .
Tom had no idea Mary was sick .
Tom had no idea on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial difficulty .
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer .
Tom had no idea where Mary had graduated from high~school .
Tom had no idea where Mary went .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any big buck .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any big money .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any bundle .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any megabuck .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any money .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any pile .
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any wealth .
Tom had no intention of giving female child any money .
Tom had no intention of giving girl any money .
Tom had no intention of giving individual any money .
Tom had no intention of giving little girl any money .
Tom had no intention of giving mortal any money .
Tom had no intention of giving person any money .
Tom had no intention of giving somebody any money .
Tom had no intention of giving someone any money .
Tom had no intention of giving soul any money .
Tom had no intention on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no it .
Tom had no killer .
Tom had no lying .
Tom had no mind on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no money .
Tom had no problem doing applied science .
Tom had no problem doing engineering .
Tom had no problem doing engineering science .
Tom had no problem doing it .
Tom had no problem doing technology .
Tom had no qualms about lying .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was falsification .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was fibbing .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was lying .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was misrepresentation .
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was paltering .
Tom had no right to do that .
Tom had no right to treat Mary like he did .
Tom had no sake on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no sick .
Tom had no that .
Tom had no view on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had no way of knowing that this would happen .
Tom had no went .
Tom had no will on waiting until Mary got back .
Tom had only planned to stay in Boston for just a day
Tom had only planned to stay in Boston for just a day or two .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his Loafers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his anklets .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his baby shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his balmorals .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his bluchers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his bowling shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his brogans .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his brogues .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his calceuss .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his chopines .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his chukka boots .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his chukkas .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his cleatss .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his clodhoppers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his congress boots .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his congress gaiters .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his congress shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his fins .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his flippers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his footgears .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his footwears .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his gaiters .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his ghillies .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his gillies .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his gym shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his mocassins .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his moccasins .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his oxfords .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his platforms .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his pumps .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his running shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his sabots .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his sandals .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his slingbacks .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his slings .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his sneakers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his tennis shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his walkers .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his walking shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his wedgies .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his wing tips .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his wooden shoes .
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his work shoes .
Tom had some shoes .
Tom had to have his stomach pumped because he had accidentally eaten some poison .
Tom had to have his stomach pumped because he had accidentally eaten some rat destructivenes .
Tom had to have his stomach pumped because he had accidentally eaten some rat poison .
Tom has a beard just like his father , grandfathers
Tom has a beard just like his father , grandfathers and brothers do .
Tom has a big house
Tom has a big house and three cars .
Tom has an identical twin brother
Tom has an identical twin brother and few people can tell them apart .
Tom has an older sister , Mary ,
Tom has an older sister , Mary , and two younger sisters , but I do n't remember their names .
Tom has been ,
Tom has been , and still is , a constant source of worry to his parents .
Tom has been drinking since 2:30
Tom has been drinking since 2:30 and is already a little drunk .
Tom has been here for some case .
Tom has been here for some example .
Tom has been here for some instance .
Tom has been here for some time .
Tom has been lucky all his account .
Tom has been lucky all his autobiography .
Tom has been lucky all his chronicle .
Tom has been lucky all his hagiography .
Tom has been lucky all his history .
Tom has been lucky all his life .
Tom has been lucky all his profile .
Tom has been lucky all his story .
Tom has been lucky all life .
Tom has been to many places in
Tom has been to many places in and around Boston .
Tom has been waiting all his life for a woman like Mary .
Tom has been waiting all his motivation for a woman like Mary .
Tom has been waiting all his motive for a woman like Mary .
Tom has been waiting all his need for a woman like Mary .
Tom has been waiting all life for a woman like Mary .
Tom has blonde hair
Tom has blonde hair and green eyes .
Tom has brown hair
Tom has brown hair and blue eyes .
Tom has n't lost any apothecaries' unit even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any apothecaries' weight even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any arroba even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any cattie even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any catty even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any crith even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any frail even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any last even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any maund even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any obolu even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any oka even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any picul even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any pood even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any rotl even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any tael even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any tod even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any troy unit even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any unit even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any unit of measurement even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any weight even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has n't lost any welterweight even though he says he 's been dieting .
Tom has no Boston for the rest of his life .
Tom has no Boswells .
Tom has no Confederates .
Tom has no Francophiles .
Tom has no Francophils .
Tom has no Graecophiles .
Tom has no Hobson's choice .
Tom has no Jacobites .
Tom has no New Dealers .
Tom has no Panama hat on .
Tom has no Panama on .
Tom has no Roundheads .
Tom has no Shavians .
Tom has no Stetson on .
Tom has no Whigs .
Tom has no accident .
Tom has no adult educations at~all on Monday .
Tom has no advocates .
Tom has no advocators .
Tom has no alibi .
Tom has no anglophiles .
Tom has no anglophils .
Tom has no angry .
Tom has no appalling .
Tom has no arrive .
Tom has no art classes at~all on Monday .
Tom has no attritions .
Tom has no at~all .
Tom has no augury .
Tom has no authority .
Tom has no bearskin on .
Tom has no beaver on .
Tom has no believers .
Tom has no blast .
Tom has no boater on .
Tom has no bonnet on .
Tom has no bowler hat on .
Tom has no bowler on .
Tom has no busby on .
Tom has no campaign hat on .
Tom has no carte blanche .
Tom has no cavalier hat on .
Tom has no certainty .
Tom has no challengers .
Tom has no chance of recovering .
Tom has no cheerleaders .
Tom has no childbirth-preparation classes at~all on Monday .
Tom has no children .
Tom has no choice .
Tom has no choice but to board game .
Tom has no choice but to go .
Tom has no choice but to leave .
Tom has no choice but to permission .
Tom has no choice but to resign .
Tom has no classes at~all on Monday .
Tom has no cocked hat on .
Tom has no command .
Tom has no competitions .
Tom has no competitors .
Tom has no compunctions .
Tom has no contenders .
Tom has no contritenesses .
Tom has no contritions .
Tom has no control .
Tom has no corporatists .
Tom has no correspondence courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no courses of lectures at~all on Monday .
Tom has no cowboy hat on .
Tom has no deciding .
Tom has no decision making .
Tom has no deerstalker on .
Tom has no default .
Tom has no default option .
Tom has no defence .
Tom has no defense .
Tom has no derby hat on .
Tom has no derby on .
Tom has no descendants .
Tom has no descendents .
Tom has no didacticss at~all on Monday .
Tom has no directed studies at~all on Monday .
Tom has no dress hat on .
Tom has no druther .
Tom has no dunce cap on .
Tom has no dunce's cap on .
Tom has no educational activities at~all on Monday .
Tom has no educations at~all on Monday .
Tom has no elective courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no electives at~all on Monday .
Tom has no endorsers .
Tom has no enemies .
Tom has no enthusiasts .
Tom has no experience .
Tom has no exponents .
Tom has no extension courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no extenuation .
Tom has no fedora on .
Tom has no felt hat on .
Tom has no flash .
Tom has no flashing .
Tom has no fool's cap on .
Tom has no foretoken .
Tom has no free traders .
Tom has no friends .
Tom has no functionalists .
Tom has no fur hat on .
Tom has no go .
Tom has no golf .
Tom has no good time .
Tom has no happening .
Tom has no hat on .
Tom has no head trip .
Tom has no headdres on .
Tom has no headgear on .
Tom has no high hat on .
Tom has no homburg on .
Tom has no home studies at~all on Monday .
Tom has no humor .
Tom has no idea when Mary will arrive .
Tom has no idea where he left his keys .
Tom has no idea where he left his mechanical devices .
Tom has no idea where he left his watch keys .
Tom has no idea who Mary is .
Tom has no imperium .
Tom has no impossibility .
Tom has no impossible action .
Tom has no indorsers .
Tom has no industrial artss at~all on Monday .
Tom has no instructions at~all on Monday .
Tom has no intention of doing that .
Tom has no intention of staying in Boston for the rest of his life .
Tom has no interest in activities .
Tom has no interest in affairss .
Tom has no interest in clock golf .
Tom has no interest in golf .
Tom has no interest in match play .
Tom has no interest in medal play .
Tom has no interest in miniature golf .
Tom has no interest in outdoor game .
Tom has no interest in politics .
Tom has no interest in professional golf .
Tom has no interest in round .
Tom has no interest in round of golf .
Tom has no interest in stroke play .
Tom has no is .
Tom has no keys .
Tom has no leave .
Tom has no leghorn on .
Tom has no lordship .
Tom has no los .
Tom has no loyalists .
Tom has no mainstays .
Tom has no maintainers .
Tom has no manners at~all .
Tom has no me .
Tom has no memory of the accident .
Tom has no memory of the break .
Tom has no memory of the coincidence .
Tom has no memory of the good luck .
Tom has no memory of the hap .
Tom has no memory of the happening .
Tom has no memory of the happenstance .
Tom has no memory of the happy chance .
Tom has no memory of the lottery .
Tom has no memory of the natural event .
Tom has no memory of the occurrence .
Tom has no memory of the occurrent .
Tom has no millinery on .
Tom has no mitigation .
Tom has no mortal enemies .
Tom has no muscle .
Tom has no natural event .
Tom has no near-death experience .
Tom has no obverse .
Tom has no occurrence .
Tom has no occurrent .
Tom has no opening .
Tom has no opera hat on .
Tom has no ordeal .
Tom has no orientation courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no orientations at~all on Monday .
Tom has no out-of-body experience .
Tom has no partisans .
Tom has no partizans .
Tom has no pedagogies at~all on Monday .
Tom has no penchants .
Tom has no philhellenes .
Tom has no philhellenists .
Tom has no pillars .
Tom has no plans to board game .
Tom has no plans to go .
Tom has no plug hat on .
Tom has no poke bonnet on .
Tom has no politics .
Tom has no possibility .
Tom has no possible action .
Tom has no power of appointment .
Tom has no predilections .
Tom has no preference .
Tom has no preferences .
Tom has no preindication .
Tom has no problem with that .
Tom has no propaedeutics at~all on Monday .
Tom has no propaedeuticss at~all on Monday .
Tom has no proponents .
Tom has no ratifiers .
Tom has no reason to be angry .
Tom has no recovering .
Tom has no refresher courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no refreshers at~all on Monday .
Tom has no regrets .
Tom has no remorses .
Tom has no required courses at~all on Monday .
Tom has no resign .
Tom has no rivals .
Tom has no sadnesses .
Tom has no sailor on .
Tom has no seconders .
Tom has no secrets from me .
Tom has no self-confidence .
Tom has no self-reproaches .
Tom has no seminars at~all on Monday .
Tom has no sense of bite .
Tom has no sense of bon mot .
Tom has no sense of caricature .
Tom has no sense of cartoon .
Tom has no sense of caustic remark .
Tom has no sense of content .
Tom has no sense of corn silk .
Tom has no sense of cornsilk .
Tom has no sense of dishonmy .
Tom has no sense of dishonor .
Tom has no sense of esprit de l'escalier .
Tom has no sense of fun .
Tom has no sense of gag .
Tom has no sense of humiliation .
Tom has no sense of humor .
Tom has no sense of imitation .
Tom has no sense of impersonation .
Tom has no sense of irony .
Tom has no sense of jape .
Tom has no sense of jest .
Tom has no sense of jeu d'esprit .
Tom has no sense of joke .
Tom has no sense of laugh .
Tom has no sense of message .
Tom has no sense of mot .
Tom has no sense of obloquy .
Tom has no sense of odium .
Tom has no sense of opprobrium .
Tom has no sense of play .
Tom has no sense of pungency .
Tom has no sense of repartee .
Tom has no sense of reproach .
Tom has no sense of reproductive structure .
Tom has no sense of ribaldry .
Tom has no sense of sarcasm .
Tom has no sense of satire .
Tom has no sense of shame .
Tom has no sense of sketch .
Tom has no sense of sport .
Tom has no sense of style .
Tom has no sense of stylopodium .
Tom has no sense of subject matter .
Tom has no sense of substance .
Tom has no sense of topper .
Tom has no shako on .
Tom has no shame .
Tom has no shop classes at~all on Monday .
Tom has no shops at~all on Monday .
Tom has no shovel hat on .
Tom has no sign .
Tom has no silk hat on .
Tom has no skimmer on .
Tom has no slouch hat on .
Tom has no snap-brim hat on .
Tom has no soft option .
Tom has no sombrero on .
Tom has no sou'wester on .
Tom has no sovereignty .
Tom has no stalwarts .
Tom has no stovepipe on .
Tom has no straw hat on .
Tom has no style .
Tom has no subscribers .
Tom has no sun hat on .
Tom has no sunhat on .
Tom has no sustainers .
Tom has no sympathisers .
Tom has no sympathizers .
Tom has no taste .
Tom has no tastes .
Tom has no teachings at~all on Monday .
Tom has no ten-gallon hat on .
Tom has no that .
Tom has no time .
Tom has no tirolean on .
Tom has no titfer on .
Tom has no toasters .
Tom has no top hat on .
Tom has no topper on .
Tom has no toque on .
Tom has no trilby on .
Tom has no trip .
Tom has no trusters .
Tom has no tyrolean on .
Tom has no unhappinesses .
Tom has no upholders .
Tom has no verifiers .
Tom has no vindication .
Tom has no vision .
Tom has no vouchers .
Tom has no wassailers .
Tom has no weaknesses .
Tom has no well-wishers .
Tom has no woman's hat on .
Tom has no workshops at~all on Monday .
Tom has not been charged with any crime .
Tom has not been charged with any evildoing .
Tom has not been charged with any transgression .
Tom has some 2:30 .
Tom has some good infoes .
Tom has some good information .
Tom has some good news .
Tom has some news .
Tom has some now .
Tom has some very important things he needs to do before 2:30 .
Tom has some very important things he needs to do right now .
Tom has some very important things he needs to do right nowaday .
Tom has some very important things he needs to do right present .
Tom has two sons . One is a doctor
Tom has two sons . One is a doctor and the other is a lawyer .
Tom heard that Mary
Tom heard that Mary and John had split up .
Tom held one of Mary 's hands ,
Tom held one of Mary 's hands , and John held the other .
Tom helped Mary on the bus ,
Tom helped Mary on the bus , and then got on himself .
Tom hid the gun under some anklets in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some ankletss in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some argyles in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some argylls in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some athletic socks in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some bobbysocks in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some bobbysockss in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some hoses in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some hosieries in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some knee-highs in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some knee-his in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some socks in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some sweat socks in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some tabis in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some tabiss in the drawer .
Tom hid the gun under some varsity socks in the drawer .
Tom hopped into the car
Tom hopped into the car and put it in gear .
Tom hugged Mary tightly
Tom hugged Mary tightly and never wanted to let her go .
Tom insulted Mary
Tom insulted Mary and her husband .
Tom invited Mary
Tom invited Mary and her sister to his party .
Tom is a centaur
Tom is a centaur and Mary is a nymph .
Tom is a good husband
Tom is a good husband and a good father .
Tom is a loving
Tom is a loving and caring gentleman .
Tom is allergic to bees , hornets
Tom is allergic to bees , hornets and wasps .
Tom is angry
Tom is angry and un happy .
Tom is both able
Tom is both able and willing .
Tom is both her friend
Tom is both her friend and lover .
Tom is busy right now
Tom is busy right now and he ca n't help you .
Tom is buying some Mary .
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary .
Tom is buying some flowers for adult female .
Tom is buying some flowers for female child .
Tom is buying some flowers for female offspring .
Tom is buying some flowers for foster sister .
Tom is buying some flowers for foster-sister .
Tom is buying some flowers for girl .
Tom is buying some flowers for girl wonder .
Tom is buying some flowers for individual .
Tom is buying some flowers for little girl .
Tom is buying some flowers for mortal .
Tom is buying some flowers for person .
Tom is buying some flowers for somebody .
Tom is buying some flowers for someone .
Tom is buying some flowers for soul .
Tom is buying some flowers for woman .
Tom is by no desperate measures unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no dints unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no effectuations unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no escapes unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no expedients unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no fast tracks unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no implementations unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no instruments unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no means unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no open sesames unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no roads unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no salvations unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no stepping stones unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no teeth unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no tools unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no voices unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is by no wingss unintelligent . He is just lazy .
Tom is calm
Tom is calm and patient .
Tom is from Boston
Tom is from Boston and so is Mary .
Tom is inclined to be moody
Tom is inclined to be moody and is not easy to live with .
Tom is irritating because he always has to have any argument .
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any argument .
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any variable .
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any variable quantity .
Tom is lazy
Tom is lazy and spoiled .
Tom is lonely
Tom is lonely and un happy .
Tom is much shorter
Tom is much shorter and weighs considerably less than Mary .
Tom is n't John
Tom is n't John and Mary 's son .
Tom is no Milquetoast .
Tom is no coward .
Tom is no craven .
Tom is no cur .
Tom is no dastard .
Tom is no hesitater .
Tom is no hesitator .
Tom is no individual .
Tom is no milksop .
Tom is no mortal .
Tom is no pansy .
Tom is no pantywaist .
Tom is no person .
Tom is no poltroon .
Tom is no quaker .
Tom is no recreant .
Tom is no shrinking violet .
Tom is no shy person .
Tom is no sissy .
Tom is no somebody .
Tom is no someone .
Tom is no soul .
Tom is no trembler .
Tom is no vacillator .
Tom is no waverer .
Tom is not dead . He 's alive
Tom is not dead . He 's alive and kicking .
Tom is now middle age
Tom is now middle age and has serious health problems .
Tom is paid double time on Sundays
Tom is paid double time on Sundays and public holidays .
Tom is probably just a year
Tom is probably just a year or two younger than Mary .
Tom is quite absent-minded
Tom is quite absent-minded and sometimes forgets to pick the kids up from school .
Tom is ready to settle down
Tom is ready to settle down and start a family .
Tom is required to wear a suit
Tom is required to wear a suit and tie to work .
Tom is rude
Tom is rude and selfish .
Tom is taller
Tom is taller and stronger than John .
Tom is the best dancer in the group
Tom is the best dancer in the group and he knows it .
Tom is very busy
Tom is very busy and does n't have much time for relationships .
Tom is very friendly
Tom is very friendly and outgoing .
Tom is very insecure
Tom is very insecure and needs constant reassurance and approval .
Tom is waiting for you
Tom is waiting for you and Mary .
Tom is wearing a heavy coat
Tom is wearing a heavy coat and gloves .
Tom just got up
Tom just got up and still is n't quite awake .
Tom just kept reading his book
Tom just kept reading his book and ignored Mary .
Tom just took a chance
Tom just took a chance and called Mary to ask her out .
Tom just wanted some physical condition .
Tom just wanted some physiological condition .
Tom just wanted some physiological state .
Tom just wanted some sleep .
Tom kept every him .
Tom kept every letter Mary wrote him .
Tom kept every love letter Mary ever wrote him .
Tom kicked the door open
Tom kicked the door open and went into the room .
Tom killed Mary
Tom killed Mary and then killed himself .
Tom kissed Mary
Tom kissed Mary and then went to work .
Tom kissed Mary on both cheeks .
Tom kissed Mary on both discourtesies .
Tom kissed Mary on both disrespects .
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek and then got into his car .
Tom kissed Mary while John
Tom kissed Mary while John and Alice were looking the other way .
Tom knew there was no contact in talking to Mary .
Tom knew there was no point in talking to Mary .
Tom knew there was no tangency in talking to Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the final decisions , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the final judgments , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the murder convictions , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the rape convictions , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the robbery convictions , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knew well that in all the sentences , the last word would always be for Mary .
Tom knocked
Tom knocked and Mary answered .
Tom knocked on the door
Tom knocked on the door , but got no fashion .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no manner .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no mode .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no response .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no style .
Tom knocked on the door , but got no way .
Tom knocked on the door and Mary answered it .
Tom knows Mary
Tom knows Mary and John are no longer together .
Tom knows both John .
Tom knows both Mary
Tom knows both Mary and John .
Tom knows both Mary and adult male .
Tom knows both Mary and blighter .
Tom knows both Mary and bloke .
Tom knows both Mary and boy .
Tom knows both Mary and boy wonder .
Tom knows both Mary and chap .
Tom knows both Mary and cus .
Tom knows both Mary and fella .
Tom knows both Mary and feller .
Tom knows both Mary and fellow .
Tom knows both Mary and foster brother .
Tom knows both Mary and foster-brother .
Tom knows both Mary and gent .
Tom knows both Mary and individual .
Tom knows both Mary and lad .
Tom knows both Mary and macho .
Tom knows both Mary and male child .
Tom knows both Mary and male offspring .
Tom knows both Mary and man .
Tom knows both Mary and man-child .
Tom knows both Mary and mortal .
Tom knows both Mary and mother's son .
Tom knows both Mary and person .
Tom knows both Mary and sirrah .
Tom knows both Mary and somebody .
Tom knows both Mary and someone .
Tom knows both Mary and soul .
Tom knows he has no Hobson's choice .
Tom knows he has no choice .
Tom knows he has no deciding .
Tom knows he has no decision making .
Tom knows he has no default .
Tom knows he has no default option .
Tom knows he has no druther .
Tom knows he has no impossibility .
Tom knows he has no impossible action .
Tom knows he has no obverse .
Tom knows he has no opening .
Tom knows he has no possibility .
Tom knows he has no possible action .
Tom knows he has no preference .
Tom knows he has no soft option .
Tom knows some French .
Tom knows some words in French .
Tom laid the book aside
Tom laid the book aside and looked up .
Tom laughed
Tom laughed and Mary laughed with him .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were funny .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were gag .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were jape .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were jest .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were joke .
Tom laughed at all of Mary 's jokes , even the ones he did n't think were laugh .
Tom leaned back
Tom leaned back and smiled .
Tom leaned down
Tom leaned down and picked up a rock .
Tom leaned over the table
Tom leaned over the table and kissed Mary .
Tom left his parents ' house this spring
Tom left his parents ' house this spring and has been living alone since then .
Tom left some big buck for Mary .
Tom left some big money for Mary .
Tom left some bundle for Mary .
Tom left some megabuck for Mary .
Tom left some money for Mary .
Tom left some pile for Mary .
Tom left some wealth for Mary .
Tom liked to sit outside during the warm summer nights
Tom liked to sit outside during the warm summer nights and gaze at the stars .
Tom likes French
Tom likes French and he 's good at it .
Tom likes Mary
Tom likes Mary and Mary likes Tom .
Tom likes oranges
Tom likes oranges and eats around 3
Tom likes oranges and eats around 3 or 4 of them per week .
Tom likes oranges and eats three
Tom likes oranges and eats three or four a week .
Tom likes soccer
Tom likes soccer and music .
Tom likes to be busy
Tom likes to be busy and hates sitting around doing nothing .
Tom likes to stay home
Tom likes to stay home and read books on weekends .
Tom looked around
Tom looked around and then whispered something into Mary 's ear .
Tom looked at Mary
Tom looked at Mary and laughed .
Tom looked at Mary and so did John .
Tom looked deeply into Mary 's eyes
Tom looked deeply into Mary 's eyes and smiled .
Tom looked sad
Tom looked sad and disappointed .
Tom looked sad and lonely .
Tom looked up at Mary
Tom looked up at Mary and smiled nervously .
Tom loosened his tie
Tom loosened his tie and poured himself a drink .
Tom loosened his tie and removed his glasses .
Tom lost his cap ,
Tom lost his cap , and he felt that he had to buy a new one .
Tom lost his temper
Tom lost his temper and hit Mary .
Tom lost his temper and shouted at Mary .
Tom loved Mary
Tom loved Mary and Mary loved him .
Tom loves a good laugh
Tom loves a good laugh and avoids people who have n't got a sense of humour .
Tom loves me
Tom loves me and I love him too .
Tom made a peanut~butter
Tom made a peanut~butter and jelly sandwich .
Tom made himself a peanut~butter
Tom made himself a peanut~butter and jelly sandwich .
Tom made no promise .
Tom made no such expectation .
Tom made no such outlook .
Tom made no such promise .
Tom made no such prospect .
Tom made no such rainbow .
Tom missed the last train
Tom missed the last train and spent the night at an Internet cafe .
Tom mounted his horse
Tom mounted his horse and rode off .
Tom needed some big buck to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some big money to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some bundle to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some megabuck to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some money to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some pile to buy something for Mary .
Tom needed some wealth to buy something for Mary .
Tom needs our help
Tom needs our help and I 'm going to make sure he gets it .
Tom never had an inkling that Mary
Tom never had an inkling that Mary and John were dating each~other .
Tom never had any intention of doing that .
Tom never had any that .
Tom noticed that John
Tom noticed that John and Mary were holding hands .
Tom noticed that he
Tom noticed that he and Mary were finally alone together .
Tom opened a can of soup
Tom opened a can of soup and emptied it into a saucepan .
Tom opened all letters .
Tom opened all three encyclopaedisms .
Tom opened all three encyclopedisms .
Tom opened all three eruditenesses .
Tom opened all three eruditions .
Tom opened all three learnednesses .
Tom opened all three learnings .
Tom opened all three letters .
Tom opened all three scholarships .
Tom opened his beer
Tom opened his beer and took a sip .
Tom opened his briefcase
Tom opened his briefcase and pulled out a couple of documents .
Tom opened his eyes
Tom opened his eyes and saw Mary .
Tom opened his locker
Tom opened his locker and took out his books .
Tom opened his suitcase again
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more bodies of water in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more building blocks in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more contents in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more depicted objects in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more essentials in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more inessentials in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more necessaries in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more necessities in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more nonessentials in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more parts in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more physical entities in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more pieces in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more requirements in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more requisites in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more reservoirs in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more sources in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more subjects in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more things in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more units in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more variables in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some more waters in .
Tom opened his suitcase again and put some things in .
Tom opened the box
Tom opened the box and peeked inside .
Tom opened the box and took out a beautiful ring .
Tom opened the door
Tom opened the door and held it open for Mary .
Tom opened the door and the dog ran out .
Tom opened the door and walked in .
Tom opened the door and walked inside .
Tom opened the envelope
Tom opened the envelope and took out the letter .
Tom opened the freezer
Tom opened the freezer and got out the ice~cream .
Tom opened the freezer and got some drink .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his aerophagium .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his consumption .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his draft .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his draught .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his drink .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his gulp .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his ingestion .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his intake .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his sip .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his swig .
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his uptake .
Tom opened the freezer and took out a container of ice cream .
Tom opened the refrigerator
Tom opened the refrigerator and took out one of the bottles .
Tom opened the safe
Tom opened the safe and took out his passport .
Tom opened the shoebox
Tom opened the shoebox and took out the shoes .
Tom opened the trunk
Tom opened the trunk and found it empty .
Tom opened the trunk of his car
Tom opened the trunk of his car and took out the spare tire .
Tom opened up the crate with a crowbar
Tom opened up the crate with a crowbar and took out a stick of dynamite .
Tom ordered a large double cheeseburger
Tom ordered a large double cheeseburger and fries .
Tom ordered some alimentary paste .
Tom ordered some baked good .
Tom ordered some breakfast food .
Tom ordered some butter .
Tom ordered some cheese .
Tom ordered some chocolate .
Tom ordered some coconut .
Tom ordered some coconut meat .
Tom ordered some convenience food .
Tom ordered some dika bread .
Tom ordered some fish .
Tom ordered some food .
Tom ordered some fresh food .
Tom ordered some garden truck .
Tom ordered some green good .
Tom ordered some green grocery .
Tom ordered some health food .
Tom ordered some junk food .
Tom ordered some leftover .
Tom ordered some loaf .
Tom ordered some meat .
Tom ordered some pastum .
Tom ordered some produce .
Tom ordered some seafood .
Tom ordered some slop .
Tom ordered some solid .
Tom ordered some yoghourt .
Tom ordered some yoghurt .
Tom ordered some yogurt .
Tom overheard Mary
Tom overheard Mary and John 's conversation .
Tom overpowered the guard
Tom overpowered the guard and took his gun .
Tom paid for the shirt
Tom paid for the shirt and the salesgirl put it into a bag .
Tom peeked in the window
Tom peeked in the window and saw Mary and John kissing .
Tom picked Mary up
Tom picked Mary up and put her in her highchair .
Tom picked some European blueberries and ate them .
Tom picked some West Indian cherries and ate them .
Tom picked some acerolas and ate them .
Tom picked some barbados cherries and ate them .
Tom picked some berries
Tom picked some berries and ate them .
Tom picked some bilberries and ate them .
Tom picked some blackberries and ate them .
Tom picked some blueberries and ate them .
Tom picked some boxberries and ate them .
Tom picked some boysenberries and ate them .
Tom picked some checkerberries and ate them .
Tom picked some cowberries and ate them .
Tom picked some cranberries and ate them .
Tom picked some currants and ate them .
Tom picked some dewberries and ate them .
Tom picked some edible fruit and ate them .
Tom picked some hackberries and ate them .
Tom picked some huckleberries and ate them .
Tom picked some juneberries and ate them .
Tom picked some lingonberries and ate them .
Tom picked some loganberries and ate them .
Tom picked some lowbush cranberries and ate them .
Tom picked some mountain cranberries and ate them .
Tom picked some mulberries and ate them .
Tom picked some persimmons and ate them .
Tom picked some raspberries and ate them .
Tom picked some saskatoons and ate them .
Tom picked some serviceberries and ate them .
Tom picked some shadberries and ate them .
Tom picked some spiceberries and ate them .
Tom picked some strawberries and ate them .
Tom picked some sugarberries and ate them .
Tom picked some surinam cherries and ate them .
Tom picked some teaberries and ate them .
Tom picked some whortleberries and ate them .
Tom picked some wintergreens and ate them .
Tom picked the box up
Tom picked the box up and looked inside .
Tom picked the coin up
Tom picked the coin up and examined it more closely .
Tom picked the diamond up
Tom picked the diamond up and looked at it .
Tom picked the lock
Tom picked the lock and entered the room .
Tom picked up John 's briefcase
Tom picked up John 's briefcase and handed it to him .
Tom picked up Mary 's jewelry box
Tom picked up Mary 's jewelry box and opened it .
Tom picked up a magazine
Tom picked up a magazine and started flipping through its pages .
Tom picked up a napkin
Tom picked up a napkin and wiped Mary 's chin .
Tom picked up a rock
Tom picked up a rock and threw it .
Tom picked up his clarinet
Tom picked up his clarinet and started to play .
Tom picked up his coffee cup
Tom picked up his coffee cup and started drinking out of it .
Tom picked up his coffee cup and took a sip .
Tom picked up his hat
Tom picked up his hat and put it back on .
Tom picked up his stuff
Tom picked up his stuff and put it in his briefcase .
Tom picked up his toys
Tom picked up his toys and put them in a box .
Tom picked up one of his gloves
Tom picked up one of his gloves and put it on .
Tom picked up the TV remote
Tom picked up the TV remote and turned down the volume .
Tom picked up the book
Tom picked up the book and started reading .
Tom picked up the cards
Tom picked up the cards and began shuffling them .
Tom picked up the five cards he had been dealt
Tom picked up the five cards he had been dealt and saw that he had a pair of aces and three kings .
Tom picked up the glass of juice
Tom picked up the glass of juice and took a sip .
Tom picked up the glass of water
Tom picked up the glass of water and took a sip .
Tom picked up the knife
Tom picked up the knife and looked at it closely .
Tom picked up the newspaper
Tom picked up the newspaper and read the headlines .
Tom picked up the phone
Tom picked up the phone and started talking .
Tom picked up the remote
Tom picked up the remote and started flipping through channels .
Tom picked up the saltshaker
Tom picked up the saltshaker and salted his eggs .
Tom plans to put new locks on all doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the French doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the car doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the cargo doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the double doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the fire doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the interior doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the movable barriers .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the revolvers .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the revolving doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the screen doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the screens .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the sliding doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the storm doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the swing doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the swinging doors .
Tom plans to put new locks on all the trap doors .
Tom played a waltz on the piano using only his thumbs
Tom played a waltz on the piano using only his thumbs and Mary was very impressed .
Tom played the guitar
Tom played the guitar and Mary sang .
Tom played the piano
Tom played the piano and Mary sang .
Tom poured wine into a plastic cup
Tom poured wine into a plastic cup and handed it to Mary .
Tom probably got tired of waiting for Mary
Tom probably got tired of waiting for Mary and left .
Tom pulled out an old shoebox from his closet
Tom pulled out an old shoebox from his closet and opened it .
Tom pulled something out of his pocket
Tom pulled something out of his pocket and put it on his desk .
Tom pushed against all weight .
Tom pushed against the door with all his avoirdupoi .
Tom pushed against the door with all his avoirdupois weight .
Tom pushed against the door with all his metric .
Tom pushed against the door with all his system of measurement .
Tom pushed against the door with all his troy .
Tom pushed against the door with all his troy weight .
Tom pushed against the door with all his weight .
Tom pushed all pillows off the bed .
Tom pushed all the bed pillows off the bed .
Tom pushed all the bolsters off the bed .
Tom pushed all the cushions off the bed .
Tom pushed all the long pillows off the bed .
Tom pushed all the pillows off the bed .
Tom put a dish with cheese
Tom put a dish with cheese and crackers on the table .
Tom put all belongings in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all eggs in one basket .
Tom put all his belongings in boxes
Tom put all his belongings in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his big buck in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his big money in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his bundle in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his closenesses in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his cobblerss in one basket .
Tom put all his comfortablenesses in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his eggs in one basket .
Tom put all his gonads in one basket .
Tom put all his happiness in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his intimacies in boxes and sent them Boston .
Tom put all his male reproductive glands in one basket .
Tom put all his megabuck in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his money in a box
Tom put all his money in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his pile in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all his sex glands in one basket .
Tom put all his undescended testes in one basket .
Tom put all his undescended testicles in one basket .
Tom put all his wealth in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put all money in a box and hid it under his bed .
Tom put down his coffee
Tom put down his coffee and picked up his phone .
Tom put down his fork
Tom put down his fork and picked up the drumstick with his fingers .
Tom put down his spoon
Tom put down his spoon and picked up a fork .
Tom put himself
Tom put himself and his children at risk .
Tom put his ear to the door
Tom put his ear to the door and listened .
Tom put his hat on
Tom put his hat on and went outside .
Tom put the apple~pie
Tom put the apple~pie and the pot of coffee on the table .
Tom put the food on the table
Tom put the food on the table and told everyone to start eating .
Tom put the gun to his own head
Tom put the gun to his own head and pulled the trigger .
Tom put the key in the lock
Tom put the key in the lock and paused a moment before he turned it .
Tom put two slices of bread into the toaster
Tom put two slices of bread into the toaster and pushed down on the lever .
Tom puts a lot of sugar
Tom puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee .
Tom raised his glass
Tom raised his glass and said , " To the happy couple ! "
Tom reached into his desk drawer
Tom reached into his desk drawer and took out a medicine bottle .
Tom realized he had no Hobson's choice .
Tom realized he had no choice .
Tom realized he had no deciding .
Tom realized he had no decision making .
Tom realized he had no default .
Tom realized he had no default option .
Tom realized he had no druther .
Tom realized he had no impossibility .
Tom realized he had no impossible action .
Tom realized he had no obverse .
Tom realized he had no opening .
Tom realized he had no possibility .
Tom realized he had no possible action .
Tom realized he had no preference .
Tom realized he had no soft option .
Tom realized there was no contact in lying to Mary .
Tom realized there was no point in lying to Mary .
Tom realized there was no tangency in lying to Mary .
Tom really leads no easy account .
Tom really leads no easy autobiography .
Tom really leads no easy chronicle .
Tom really leads no easy hagiography .
Tom really leads no easy history .
Tom really leads no easy life .
Tom really leads no easy profile .
Tom really leads no easy story .
Tom really leads no life .
Tom remained poor all his account .
Tom remained poor all his autobiography .
Tom remained poor all his chronicle .
Tom remained poor all his hagiography .
Tom remained poor all his history .
Tom remained poor all his life .
Tom remained poor all his profile .
Tom remained poor all his story .
Tom remained poor all life .
Tom remained single all his account .
Tom remained single all his autobiography .
Tom remained single all his chronicle .
Tom remained single all his hagiography .
Tom remained single all his history .
Tom remained single all his life .
Tom remained single all his profile .
Tom remained single all his story .
Tom remained single all life .
Tom remembered that Mary
Tom remembered that Mary and John had tried to kill him .
Tom removed his glasses
Tom removed his glasses and rubbed his eyes .
Tom removed the hacksaw from his toolbox
Tom removed the hacksaw from his toolbox and asked Mary if she wanted it .
Tom rented a car at the airport
Tom rented a car at the airport and drove it to Mary 's house .
Tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee
Tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to Mary .
Tom rolled over
Tom rolled over and snoozed for another 15 minutes .
Tom rolled up the poster
Tom rolled up the poster and put it into a cardboard tube .
Tom rushed into his office
Tom rushed into his office and slammed the door .
Tom said I 'm ugly
Tom said I 'm ugly and stupid .
Tom said good night to Mary
Tom said good night to Mary and left .
Tom said goodbye
Tom said goodbye and then walked out the front door .
Tom said he had half a mind to throw in his job
Tom said he had half a mind to throw in his job and hitchhike around Australia .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my belongingss .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my holdings .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my properties .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my things .
Tom said he had room in his garage for me to keep some things .
Tom said he had some of .
Tom said he had some personal problems to take care of .
Tom said he was so full he had no dessert .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for ambrosium .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for baked Alaska .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for blancmange .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for charlotte .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for compote .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for course .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for dessert .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for dumpling .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for flan .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for frozen dessert .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for fruit compote .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for junket .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for mold .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for mould .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for mousse .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for pavlova .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for peach melba .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for pud .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for pudding .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for sabayon .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for sillabub .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for syllabub .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for tiramisu .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for whip .
Tom said he was so full he had no room left for zabaglione .
Tom said that he
Tom said that he and Mary had had a fight .
Tom said that he and Mary would probably be a little late .
Tom said that neither one of his parents had ever been to Boston .
Tom said that neither parents had ever been to Boston .
Tom said that you
Tom said that you and he went camping last weekend .
Tom sat down between Mary
Tom sat down between Mary and her husband .
Tom sat down next to Mary
Tom sat down next to Mary and they began talking to each~other .
Tom sat down on a rock
Tom sat down on a rock and removed a stone from his shoe .
Tom sat down on the park~bench
Tom sat down on the park~bench and began to read his book .
Tom sat in the driver 's seat
Tom sat in the driver 's seat and adjusted the rearview mirror .
Tom sat on the bench
Tom sat on the bench and crossed his legs .
Tom sat on the porch having a coffee
Tom sat on the porch having a coffee and a cigarette and watched the world go by .
Tom saved every him .
Tom saved every letter that Mary sent him .
Tom saw John
Tom saw John and Mary holding hands .
Tom saw Mary
Tom saw Mary and John arguing .
Tom saw Mary and John holding hands .
Tom saw Mary standing by the fireplace
Tom saw Mary standing by the fireplace and went over to talk to her .
Tom saw the newspaper on the floor
Tom saw the newspaper on the floor and picked it up .
Tom says he has no evildoings .
Tom says he has no gamblings .
Tom says he has no gamings .
Tom says he has no intemperances .
Tom says he has no intemperatenesses .
Tom says he has no plays .
Tom says he has no transgressions .
Tom says he has no vices .
Tom says he heard Mary
Tom says he heard Mary and John arguing .
Tom says he still has no idea where Mary is .
Tom says he still has no is .
Tom seemed quite surprised when he heard that Mary
Tom seemed quite surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married .
Tom shared the apartment with Mary
Tom shared the apartment with Mary and three other friends .
Tom shot
Tom shot and killed a bear .
Tom should 've given Mary flowers
Tom should 've given Mary flowers or something on Valentine's~Day .
Tom should definitely visit an art museum
Tom should definitely visit an art museum or two while he 's in France .
Tom showed Mary a picture of John
Tom showed Mary a picture of John and another boy .
Tom showed Mary some house .
Tom showed Mary some pictures of his house .
Tom showed no CER .
Tom showed no anger .
Tom showed no anxiety .
Tom showed no awe .
Tom showed no choler .
Tom showed no conditioned emotion .
Tom showed no conditioned emotional response .
Tom showed no emotion .
Tom showed no emotional state .
Tom showed no fear .
Tom showed no fearfulnes .
Tom showed no feeling .
Tom showed no fright .
Tom showed no hate .
Tom showed no hatred .
Tom showed no ire .
Tom showed no joy .
Tom showed no joyfulnes .
Tom showed no joyousnes .
Tom showed no love .
Tom showed no reverence .
Tom showed no spirit .
Tom showed no veneration .
Tom showed some arial mosaics to Mary .
Tom showed some beefcakes to Mary .
Tom showed some black and whites to Mary .
Tom showed some blowups to Mary .
Tom showed some blueprints to Mary .
Tom showed some cheesecakes to Mary .
Tom showed some closeups to Mary .
Tom showed some daguerreotypes to Mary .
Tom showed some enlargements to Mary .
Tom showed some frames to Mary .
Tom showed some glossies to Mary .
Tom showed some headshots to Mary .
Tom showed some holograms to Mary .
Tom showed some holographs to Mary .
Tom showed some longshots to Mary .
Tom showed some magnifications to Mary .
Tom showed some microdots to Mary .
Tom showed some monochromes to Mary .
Tom showed some mosaics to Mary .
Tom showed some mug shots to Mary .
Tom showed some mugshots to Mary .
Tom showed some photocopies to Mary .
Tom showed some photographic prints to Mary .
Tom showed some photomicrographs to Mary .
Tom showed some photomosaics to Mary .
Tom showed some photos to Mary .
Tom showed some prints to Mary .
Tom showed some radiograms to Mary .
Tom showed some radiographs to Mary .
Tom showed some representations to Mary .
Tom showed some scenes to Mary .
Tom showed some shadowgraphs to Mary .
Tom showed some shots to Mary .
Tom showed some skiagrams to Mary .
Tom showed some skiagraphs to Mary .
Tom showed some snaps to Mary .
Tom showed some snapshots to Mary .
Tom showed some spectrograms to Mary .
Tom showed some spectrographs to Mary .
Tom showed some stereos to Mary .
Tom showed some stereoscopic photographs to Mary .
Tom showed some stereoscopic pictures to Mary .
Tom showed some stills to Mary .
Tom showed some telephotoes to Mary .
Tom showed some telephotographs to Mary .
Tom showed some time exposures to Mary .
Tom showed some vignettes to Mary .
Tom showed some wedding pictures to Mary .
Tom showed up at the party wearing a suit
Tom showed up at the party wearing a suit and tie .
Tom shut one window
Tom shut one window and Mary shut the other .
Tom shut the door
Tom shut the door and locked it .
Tom slipped on ice
Tom slipped on ice and broke his hip last winter .
Tom slipped quietly into his clothes
Tom slipped quietly into his clothes and tiptoed out of the room .
Tom smiled
Tom smiled and nodded .
Tom smiled at the audience
Tom smiled at the audience and took a bow .
Tom snuck out
Tom snuck out and surreptitiously bought Mary a big bunch of flowers for their wedding anniversary .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his big buck .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his big money .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his bundle .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his megabuck .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his money .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his pile .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his wealth .
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all money .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attention to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attracter to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attraction to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attractive feature to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attractor to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any enhancer to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any foil to him .
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any magnet to him .
Tom sought solace in the bottle after he
Tom sought solace in the bottle after he and Mary broke up .
Tom speaks French to some degree .
Tom speaks French to some extent .
Tom speaks French to some level .
Tom speaks French to some point .
Tom speaks French to some stage .
Tom speaks Spanish ,
Tom speaks Spanish , and Betty speaks Spanish , too .
Tom speaks Spanish , and so does Betty .
Tom spends a lot of time looking for his car keys , mobile~phone
Tom spends a lot of time looking for his car keys , mobile~phone or glasses .
Tom spends all his period of time thinking about Mary .
Tom spends all his period thinking about Mary .
Tom spends all his time period thinking about Mary .
Tom spends all his time thinking about Mary .
Tom spends all time thinking about Mary .
Tom started his car
Tom started his car and drove away .
Tom started the car
Tom started the car and drove off .
Tom stepped aside
Tom stepped aside and let Mary walk in .
Tom stole some alcohol from his parents
Tom stole some alcohol from his parents and thought that they would n't notice .
Tom stole some appropriation from Mary .
Tom stole some boodle from Mary .
Tom stole some bread from Mary .
Tom stole some cabbage from Mary .
Tom stole some clam from Mary .
Tom stole some dinero from Mary .
Tom stole some dough from Mary .
Tom stole some fund from Mary .
Tom stole some gelt from Mary .
Tom stole some kale from Mary .
Tom stole some lettuce from Mary .
Tom stole some lolly from Mary .
Tom stole some loot from Mary .
Tom stole some lucre from Mary .
Tom stole some medium of exchange from Mary .
Tom stole some monetary fund from Mary .
Tom stole some monetary system from Mary .
Tom stole some money from Mary .
Tom stole some moolah from Mary .
Tom stole some pelf from Mary .
Tom stole some scratch from Mary .
Tom stole some shekel from Mary .
Tom stole some shinplaster from Mary .
Tom stole some simoleon from Mary .
Tom stole some subsidisation from Mary .
Tom stole some subsidization from Mary .
Tom stole some sugar from Mary .
Tom stole some token money from Mary .
Tom stole some wampum from Mary .
Tom stood up
Tom stood up and then everyone else stood up , too .
Tom stooped
Tom stooped and picked up the coin .
Tom stopped crying as soon as he saw Mary
Tom stopped crying as soon as he saw Mary and John .
Tom stopped in front of Mary 's house
Tom stopped in front of Mary 's house and got out of his car .
Tom stopped the car
Tom stopped the car and turned off the engine .
Tom suspects that Mary
Tom suspects that Mary and I are plotting something .
Tom talked Mary into donating some big buck .
Tom talked Mary into donating some big money .
Tom talked Mary into donating some bundle .
Tom talked Mary into donating some megabuck .
Tom talked Mary into donating some money .
Tom talked Mary into donating some pile .
Tom talked Mary into donating some wealth .
Tom talked to Mary 's neighbors
Tom talked to Mary 's neighbors and asked them if they knew where she 'd gone .
Tom threw a pillow at Mary
Tom threw a pillow at Mary and the pillow hit her squarely in the face .
Tom threw caution to the wind
Tom threw caution to the wind and booked a skydiving lesson .
Tom threw his hands up into the air
Tom threw his hands up into the air and said that he gave up .
Tom threw out his old personal papers
Tom threw out his old personal papers and sent them to be shredded .
Tom threw something at me
Tom threw something at me and I ducked .
Tom threw the car keys to Mary
Tom threw the car keys to Mary and she caught them .
Tom told Mary
Tom told Mary and her children an interesting story .
Tom told Mary that he would be quitting his job
Tom told Mary that he would be quitting his job and going back to Boston .
Tom told Mary to buy some cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and cubeb cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and cubebs .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and filter-tipped cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and joints .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and marijuana cigarettes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and reefers .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and rolls of tobacco .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and smokes .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and spliffs .
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and sticks .
Tom told me that he
Tom told me that he and Mary spent their summer vacation at the beach .
Tom told me that he and Mary were planning on going to the beach this coming weekend .
Tom told me that he could come on any day but Tuesday .
Tom told me that he could come on any sidereal time but Tuessidereal time .
Tom told me that he could come on any time unit but Tuestime unit .
Tom told me that he could come on any unit of time but Tuesunit of time .
Tom told me you
Tom told me you and Mary are planning to get married .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no distres .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no feeling .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no growing pain .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no hurt .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no mental anguish .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no pain .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no suffering .
Tom told the doctor that he felt no unpleasantnes .
Tom took Mary
Tom took Mary 's empty glass from her hand
Tom took Mary 's empty glass from her hand and refilled it .
Tom took Mary and her daughter home .
Tom took a beer out of the fridge
Tom took a beer out of the fridge and handed it to Mary .
Tom took a big breath
Tom took a big breath and blew out the candles .
Tom took a blanket off the bed
Tom took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself .
Tom took a book off the shelf
Tom took a book off the shelf and handed it to Mary .
Tom took a breath
Tom took a breath and then started swimming underwater .
Tom took a deep breath
Tom took a deep breath and closed his eyes .
Tom took a drink
Tom took a drink and then offered the bottle to Mary .
Tom took a picture of his dog
Tom took a picture of his dog and sent it to Mary .
Tom took a pill from the bottle
Tom took a pill from the bottle and swallowed it .
Tom took a sip of his margarita
Tom took a sip of his margarita and smiled .
Tom took half of the cookies
Tom took half of the cookies and put them on his plate .
Tom took his coat off the hanger
Tom took his coat off the hanger and put it on .
Tom took his coat out of the closet
Tom took his coat out of the closet and put it on .
Tom took his finger off the trigger
Tom took his finger off the trigger and put his pistol back in its holster .
Tom took his glasses off
Tom took his glasses off and put the on the bedside table .
Tom took his shoes
Tom took his shoes and socks off .
Tom took his sunglasses off
Tom took his sunglasses off and handed them to Mary .
Tom took off his bicycle helmet
Tom took off his bicycle helmet and put it on the table .
Tom took off his clothes
Tom took off his clothes and got into the bathtub .
Tom took off his clothes and put on his pajamas .
Tom took off his clothes and stepped into the shower .
Tom took off his coat
Tom took off his coat and gloves .
Tom took off his coat and hung it on the hook behind the door .
Tom took off his coat and hung it over a chair .
Tom took off his coat and hung it up .
Tom took off his coat and threw it on the floor .
Tom took off his dirty clothes
Tom took off his dirty clothes and put them directly into the washing machine .
Tom took off his pants
Tom took off his pants and carefully hung them over the back of a chair .
Tom took off his shirt
Tom took off his shirt and threw it into the washing machine .
Tom took off his shoes
Tom took off his shoes and put on a pair of slippers .
Tom took off his shoes and socks .
Tom took off his socks
Tom took off his socks and shoes and walked into the sea .
Tom took off his tie
Tom took off his tie and started unbuttoning his shirt .
Tom took off his top~hat
Tom took off his top~hat and got into his car .
Tom took off his wedding ring
Tom took off his wedding ring and threw it into the pond .
Tom took one of the newspapers from the table
Tom took one of the newspapers from the table and waited until his name was called .
Tom took out a pencil
Tom took out a pencil and started to write .
Tom took out his camera
Tom took out his camera and started taking pictures .
Tom took out his handkerchief
Tom took out his handkerchief and blew his nose .
Tom took out his phone
Tom took out his phone and called Mary .
Tom took some artistic allowance .
Tom took some artistic authorisation .
Tom took some artistic authorization .
Tom took some artistic clearance .
Tom took some artistic conge .
Tom took some artistic congee .
Tom took some artistic dispensation .
Tom took some artistic empowerment .
Tom took some artistic license .
Tom took some artistic toleration .
Tom took some belongingss out of his bag .
Tom took some big buck out of his pocket .
Tom took some big buck out of his wallet .
Tom took some big buck out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some big money out of his pocket .
Tom took some big money out of his wallet .
Tom took some big money out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some bundle out of his pocket .
Tom took some bundle out of his wallet .
Tom took some bundle out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some holdings out of his bag .
Tom took some license .
Tom took some megabuck out of his pocket .
Tom took some megabuck out of his wallet .
Tom took some megabuck out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some money out of his pocket .
Tom took some money out of his wallet
Tom took some money out of his wallet .
Tom took some money out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some pile out of his pocket .
Tom took some pile out of his wallet .
Tom took some pile out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took some properties out of his bag .
Tom took some things out of his bag .
Tom took some wealth out of his pocket .
Tom took some wealth out of his wallet .
Tom took some wealth out of his wallet and gave it to Mary .
Tom took the CD from its case
Tom took the CD from its case and inserted it in the player .
Tom took the CD out of its case
Tom took the CD out of its case and put it into the player .
Tom took the bottle from Mary
Tom took the bottle from Mary and looked at the label .
Tom took the bottle from Mary and poured himself a drink .
Tom took the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase
Tom took the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase and handed it to Mary .
Tom tossed
Tom tossed and turned all night .
Tom tried not to listen to Mary
Tom tried not to listen to Mary and John discussing their financial situation .
Tom tried to control his breathing
Tom tried to control his breathing and remain calm .
Tom turned
Tom turned and ran after Mary .
Tom turned on his flashlight
Tom turned on his flashlight and entered the cave .
Tom turned to Mary
Tom turned to Mary and smiled .
Tom turned towards Mary
Tom turned towards Mary and gave her each cheek .
Tom turned towards Mary and gave her two kisses , one on each cheek .
Tom twisted Mary 's arm
Tom twisted Mary 's arm and she agreed to donate some money to our charity .
Tom unbuckled his seat~belt
Tom unbuckled his seat~belt and got out of the car .
Tom unfolded the letter
Tom unfolded the letter and read it .
Tom unscrewed the cap
Tom unscrewed the cap and handed the jar to Mary .
Tom unwrapped his sandwich
Tom unwrapped his sandwich and ate it .
Tom usually puts mustard
Tom usually puts mustard and ketchup on his hot~dogs .
Tom usually sleeps in on Saturdays
Tom usually sleeps in on Saturdays and Sundays .
Tom volunteered to do all do .
Tom volunteered to do all the things no one else wanted to do .
Tom volunteered to solfa syllable all the things no one else wanted to solfa syllable .
Tom waited for Mary to sit
Tom waited for Mary to sit and then sat down next to her .
Tom walked Mary to the door
Tom walked Mary to the door and she left .
Tom walked down the corridor
Tom walked down the corridor and into Mary 's office .
Tom walked down the hall
Tom walked down the hall and into Mary 's office .
Tom walked into the pub
Tom walked into the pub and ordered a pint of beer .
Tom walked over to Mary
Tom walked over to Mary and hugged her .
Tom walked over to the sink
Tom walked over to the sink and turned on the faucet .
Tom walked to the front~door
Tom walked to the front~door and knocked .
Tom walked up to the door
Tom walked up to the door and rang the bell .
Tom wanted to make a mix CD of music for Mary , but all had were DVD blanks .
Tom wanted to make a mix CD of music for Mary , but all he had were DVD blanks .
Tom wanted to spend some alone with Mary .
Tom wanted to spend some time alone with Mary .
Tom wants me to call Mary
Tom wants me to call Mary and make it clear that he never wants to see her again .
Tom wants to eat some apple~pie .
Tom wants to eat some pie .
Tom wants to know when we 're going to come over
Tom wants to know when we 're going to come over and help him .
Tom wants to marry Mary
Tom wants to marry Mary and John 's daughter .
Tom wants to talk to all of alphabetic characters .
Tom wants to talk to all of letters .
Tom wants to talk to all of letters of the alphabet .
Tom wants to talk to all of us .
Tom wants to talk to all us .
Tom wants your answer
Tom wants your answer and he wants it now .
Tom was able to answer all questions .
Tom was able to answer all the marriage offers .
Tom was able to answer all the marriage proposals .
Tom was able to answer all the proposals .
Tom was able to answer all the proposals of marriage .
Tom was able to answer all the questions .
Tom was carrying some bags .
Tom was carrying some shopping~bags .
Tom was convicted
Tom was convicted and sentenced to death .
Tom was dressed in black
Tom was dressed in black and wore a black ski mask .
Tom was exhausted after his trip
Tom was exhausted after his trip and it took him at least a week to recover from it .
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys , most bit older than him .
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys , most of them a bit older than him .
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys , most of them a small indefinite amount older than him .
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys , most of them a small indefinite quantity older than him .
Tom was hiding in some botanies .
Tom was hiding in some bushes .
Tom was hiding in some floras .
Tom was hiding in some vegetations .
Tom was highly educated
Tom was highly educated and spoke several languages fluently .
Tom was looking forward to watching the football match he had recorded at home ,
Tom was looking forward to watching the football match he had recorded at home , and he was angry when he overheard someone mention the final score .
Tom was n't ready to accept Mary 's love
Tom was n't ready to accept Mary 's love or friendship .
Tom was really shy
Tom was really shy and nervous .
Tom was speaking to some neighbors .
Tom was speaking to some objects .
Tom was speaking to some physical objects .
Tom was surprised to see John
Tom was surprised to see John and Mary out on a date .
Tom was thirsty
Tom was thirsty and asked for some branch water .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some drinking water .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some food .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some liquid .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some nutrient .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some spring water .
Tom was thirsty and asked for some water .
Tom was tired
Tom was tired and hungry .
Tom was unable to control his emotions
Tom was unable to control his emotions and burst into tears .
Tom was unable to produce any circumstantial evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any corpus delictus to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any corroborating evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any direct evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any exhibit to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any hearsay evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any indirect evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any info to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any information to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any state's evidence to support his statement .
Tom was unable to produce any testimony to support his statement .
Tom was very angry
Tom was very angry and I was , too .
Tom was very angry with Mary
Tom was very angry with Mary and it took her a long time to placate him .
Tom was watching Mary
Tom was watching Mary and John .
Tom washed his face
Tom washed his face and hands .
Tom washed his hands
Tom washed his hands and face .
Tom washed the lenses of his glasses with warm , soapy water
Tom washed the lenses of his glasses with warm , soapy water and dried them on a cloth .
Tom went
Tom went and shut the window .
Tom went back to his car
Tom went back to his car and got a flashlight .
Tom went down on one knee
Tom went down on one knee and asked Mary to marry him .
Tom went out with Mary on Friday night
Tom went out with Mary on Friday night and with Alice on Saturday night .
Tom went to meet some Mary .
Tom went to meet some girl named Mary .
Tom went to meet some girl named adult female .
Tom went to meet some girl named female child .
Tom went to meet some girl named female offspring .
Tom went to meet some girl named foster sister .
Tom went to meet some girl named foster-sister .
Tom went to meet some girl named girl .
Tom went to meet some girl named girl wonder .
Tom went to meet some girl named individual .
Tom went to meet some girl named little girl .
Tom went to meet some girl named mortal .
Tom went to meet some girl named person .
Tom went to meet some girl named somebody .
Tom went to meet some girl named someone .
Tom went to meet some girl named soul .
Tom went to meet some girl named woman .
Tom went to sleep
Tom went to sleep and never woke up .
Tom whispered something in Mary 's ear
Tom whispered something in Mary 's ear and she nodded .
Tom whispered something into Mary 's ear
Tom whispered something into Mary 's ear and she smiled .
Tom whispered something to Mary
Tom whispered something to Mary and then left the room .
Tom winked at Mary
Tom winked at Mary and blew her a kiss .
Tom wished he had had the courage to jump into the river
Tom wished he had had the courage to jump into the river and save the baby that had fallen in .
Tom woke up in the middle of the night
Tom woke up in the middle of the night and ate an entire bag of chips .
Tom won a stuffed lion
Tom won a stuffed lion and I won a teddy bear .
Tom wore a hard hat
Tom wore a hard hat and winked at us .
Tom wore jeans
Tom wore jeans and a cowboy hat .
Tom wrapped the package
Tom wrapped the package and tied it with strings .
Tom wrote Mary 's name
Tom wrote Mary 's name and phone number in his notebook .
Tom wrote Mary a soppy love letter
Tom wrote Mary a soppy love letter and she kept reading it over and over .
Tom wrote down all details .
Tom wrote down all the details .
Tom wrote some country dynasties .
Tom wrote some country songs .
Tom wrote some songs .
Tomorrow is my birthday
Tomorrow is my birthday and I will be seventeen .
Tom~Miller worked through his experiences in childhood
Tom~Miller worked through his experiences in childhood and youth in his three-part autobiographical novel " Tom and Mary " , which is also his main work .
Tonight , I took a record of all the noise I made while asleep .
Tonight , I took all asleep .
Tony took off his shirt
Tony took off his shirt and cleaned the piano with it .
Tractors replaced horses
Tractors replaced horses and mules .
Traditional ramen
Traditional ramen and sushi restaurants still dominate fast food culture in Japan , although American outlets like Pizza Hut , McDonald's and Kentucky Fried Chicken are also popular , along with Western-style Japanese chains like Mos Burger .
Traditionally , the Brahui of the Raisani tribe are in charge of the law
Traditionally , the Brahui of the Raisani tribe are in charge of the law and order situation through the Pass area . This tribe is still living in present day Balochistan in Pakistan .
Translations are like lovers- the beautiful ones are never faithful ,
Translations are like lovers- the beautiful ones are never faithful , and the faithful ones are never beautiful .
Tropical~rainforests produce oxygen
Tropical~rainforests produce oxygen and consume carbon~dioxide .
Truthful speech is not elegant ,
Truthful speech is not elegant , and elegant speech is not truthful . Good words are not persuasive , and persuasive words are not good . The knowledgeable are not many , and the many are not knowledgeable .
Trying to forget the day 's events , he turned off the lights
Trying to forget the day 's events , he turned off the lights and drifted off to sleep .
Turn the corner
Turn the corner and you 'll see the store you 're looking for .
Twenty-eight French masterpieces seized by the Nazis during World~War~II , including paintings by Monet , Renoir
Twenty-eight French masterpieces seized by the Nazis during World~War~II , including paintings by Monet , Renoir and Gauguin , have been found in a cupboard at a Berlin museum , a news magazine reported today .
Twice a week the gardener would come to mow the grass , so I could never lie
Twice a week the gardener would come to mow the grass , so I could never lie and read in the long grass .
Two high~school boys beat Tom black
Two high~school boys beat Tom black and blue .
Two little squirrels , a white one
Two little squirrels , a white one and a black one , lived in a large forest .
Two little squirrels , a white squirrel
Two little squirrels , a white squirrel and a black squirrel , lived in a large forest .
Two of Japan 's biggest financial institutions on Friday announced plans to merge
Two of Japan 's biggest financial institutions on Friday announced plans to merge and create the world 's largest bank , underscoring growing sentiments that the country 's long troubled banking system has significantly improved .
Two prominent scientists have made guest appearances on the show , paleontologist Stephen~Jay~Gould
Two prominent scientists have made guest appearances on the show , paleontologist Stephen~Jay~Gould and Stephen~Hawking , the theoretical physicist whose brilliance has been compared with Einstein 's .
Two small rabbits , a white rabbit
Two small rabbits , a white rabbit and a black rabbit , lived in a large forest .
Two weeks have passed
Two weeks have passed and I have n't seen you .
U.S. space~shuttle Atlantis
U.S. space~shuttle Atlantis and its seven-member crew concluded their pursuit of the International Space~Station ( ISS ) on Wednesday and docked with the orbital outpost at 12:05 EDT ( 1605 GMT ) .
UFJ Holdings Inc. said it wants to merge with Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. , a combination that would surpass Citigroup Inc. as the world 's biggest bank
UFJ Holdings Inc. said it wants to merge with Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. , a combination that would surpass Citigroup Inc. as the world 's biggest bank and accelerate Japan 's attempts to clean up bad loans .
Uncle George never visited us without some historical present .
Uncle George never visited us without some present .
Uncle George never visited us without some tense .
Under the headline " Greed instead of quality " , Germany 's Die Tageszeitung says no good will come of the acquisition of the publisher Berliner Verlag by two British
Under the headline " Greed instead of quality " , Germany 's Die Tageszeitung says no good will come of the acquisition of the publisher Berliner Verlag by two British and US-based investment funds .
Unfortunately , I believed all telling .
Unfortunately , I believed all the lies that Tom was informing .
Unfortunately , I believed all the lies that Tom was making known .
Unfortunately , I believed all the lies that Tom was notice .
Unfortunately , I believed all the lies that Tom was telling .
Unfortunately , I believed all the lies that Tom was warning .
Unfortunately , my wife
Unfortunately , my wife and my lover do n't get along very well together .
United~States Senator Hillary~Clinton has been holding discussions about
United~States Senator Hillary~Clinton has been holding discussions about and interviewing potential campaign staff for a White~House bid in 2008 .
Until Monday
Until Monday or Tuesday of next week .
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a showcase for arts
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a showcase for arts and culture .
Until we meet again , Bob
Until we meet again , Bob and Nora .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any army brat , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any babe , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any baby , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any child , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any female offspring , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any infant , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any issue , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any male offspring , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any man-child , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any offspring , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any progeny , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Using simple crayons , just like those used by any stepchild , Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures .
Usually before a concert there is an announcement asking the audience to either turn off their phones
Usually before a concert there is an announcement asking the audience to either turn off their phones or switch them to manner mode .
Usually newspapers
Usually newspapers and magazines have many opinions .
Valencia is the third largest city in Spain
Valencia is the third largest city in Spain and is also known for being the birthplace of paella .
Vasilissa turned into a white swan
Vasilissa turned into a white swan and flew away through the window .
Victor Emmanuel III , 1869-1947 , king of Italy ( 1900 - 1946 ) , emperor of Ethiopia ( 1936-43 ) , king of Albania ( 1939-43 ) , son
Victor Emmanuel III , 1869-1947 , king of Italy ( 1900 - 1946 ) , emperor of Ethiopia ( 1936-43 ) , king of Albania ( 1939-43 ) , son and successor of Humbert I .
Vivisection is largely forbidden in Europe
Vivisection is largely forbidden in Europe and Italy .
Wait for me . I 'll be there in a minute
Wait for me . I 'll be there in a minute or ten .
Walt sacrifies himself for Thao
Walt sacrifies himself for Thao and his sister .
Watch out . There are rattlesnakes
Watch out . There are rattlesnakes and scorpions .
Watch your mouth
Watch your mouth or you 'll get it .
Watch your step ,
Watch your step , or else you will trip on the baggage .
We 'll come
We 'll come and visit you .
We 're a family
We 're a family and we love each~other .
We 're friends ,
We 're friends , and friends help each~other .
We 're going to invite Tom
We 're going to invite Tom and Mary to our Halloween party .
We 're tired
We 're tired and thirsty .
We 've been waiting for an hour
We 've been waiting for an hour and the line has barely moved .
We 've got to go
We 've got to go and help Tom .
We 've just run out of salt
We 've just run out of salt and pepper .
We 've only corresponded
We 've only corresponded and never met in person .
We 've searched high
We 've searched high and low for this book .
We agreed that there was no alternative .
We agreed that there was no other Hobson's choice .
We agreed that there was no other alternative .
We agreed that there was no other deciding .
We agreed that there was no other decision making .
We agreed that there was no other default .
We agreed that there was no other default option .
We agreed that there was no other druther .
We agreed that there was no other impossibility .
We agreed that there was no other impossible action .
We agreed that there was no other obverse .
We agreed that there was no other opening .
We agreed that there was no other possibility .
We agreed that there was no other possible action .
We agreed that there was no other preference .
We agreed that there was no other soft option .
We all know you go to the cinema to watch " Twilight " because of its " brilliant script "
We all know you go to the cinema to watch " Twilight " because of its " brilliant script " and not because of its actors .
We also have fewer horses
We also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed .
We are busy preparing for our wedding
We are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon .
We are collecting sentences
We are collecting sentences and their translations in other languages .
We are collecting sentences and their translations into other languages .
We are faced with the alternatives of resistance
We are faced with the alternatives of resistance or slavery .
We are far more likely to be harmed by our fellow man than by our fellow animals , yet we call animals wild
We are far more likely to be harmed by our fellow man than by our fellow animals , yet we call animals wild and dangerous and we call man advanced and civilised .
We are fed~up of always seeing the same people taking all credit !
We are fed~up of always seeing the same people taking all the approximation !
We are fed~up of always seeing the same people taking all the credit !
We are fed~up of always seeing the same people taking all the estimate !
We are fed~up of always seeing the same people taking all the estimation !
We are fed~up of always seeing the same people taking all the idea !
We are going to invite Jane
We are going to invite Jane and Ellen .
We are never as happy
We are never as happy or as un happy as we imagine .
We are not as happy
We are not as happy or un happy as we imagine ourselves to be .
We are now going to move to the crematorium so if Mr. Ogawa
We are now going to move to the crematorium so if Mr. Ogawa and you would enter the car ...
We are thinking of buying some furniture .
We are thinking of buying some new Sheraton .
We are thinking of buying some new baby bed .
We are thinking of buying some new baby's bed .
We are thinking of buying some new bedframe .
We are thinking of buying some new bedroom furniture .
We are thinking of buying some new bedstead .
We are thinking of buying some new bookcase .
We are thinking of buying some new buffet .
We are thinking of buying some new bureau .
We are thinking of buying some new cabinet .
We are thinking of buying some new chest .
We are thinking of buying some new chest of drawer .
We are thinking of buying some new closet .
We are thinking of buying some new counter .
We are thinking of buying some new dining-room furniture .
We are thinking of buying some new dresser .
We are thinking of buying some new etagere .
We are thinking of buying some new fitment .
We are thinking of buying some new furnishing .
We are thinking of buying some new furniture .
We are thinking of buying some new hallstand .
We are thinking of buying some new lamp .
We are thinking of buying some new lawn furniture .
We are thinking of buying some new nest .
We are thinking of buying some new office furniture .
We are thinking of buying some new pres .
We are thinking of buying some new seat .
We are thinking of buying some new sectional .
We are thinking of buying some new sideboard .
We are thinking of buying some new sleeper .
We are thinking of buying some new table .
We are thinking of buying some new wall unit .
We are thinking of buying some new wardrobe .
We are thinking of buying some new wash-hand stand .
We are thinking of buying some new washstand .
We ate a hasty meal
We ate a hasty meal and left immediately .
We ate fish
We ate fish and rice .
We ate steak
We ate steak and drank wine .
We attribute Edison 's success to intelligence
We attribute Edison 's success to intelligence and hard work .
We bought some balls .
We bought some fish at the market .
We bought some tennis balls .
We bought some tennis cobblerss .
We bought some tennis gonads .
We bought some tennis male reproductive glands .
We bought some tennis sex glands .
We bought some tennis undescended testes .
We bought some tennis undescended testicles .
We bought some vegetables
We bought some vegetables and alewives at the market .
We bought some vegetables and anchovies at the market .
We bought some vegetables and eels at the market .
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market .
We bought some vegetables and foods at the market .
We bought some vegetables and gray mullets at the market .
We bought some vegetables and grey mullets at the market .
We bought some vegetables and haddocks at the market .
We bought some vegetables and hakes at the market .
We bought some vegetables and mullets at the market .
We bought some vegetables and panfish at the market .
We bought some vegetables and rock salmon at the market .
We bought some vegetables and salmon at the market .
We bought some vegetables and schrods at the market .
We bought some vegetables and scrods at the market .
We bought some vegetables and shads at the market .
We bought some vegetables and smelts at the market .
We bought some vegetables and solid foods at the market .
We bought some vegetables and stockfish at the market .
We bought some vegetables and trout at the market .
We ca n't leave until Tom
We ca n't leave until Tom and Mary get here .
We call on her now
We call on her now and again .
We came into the office to find Emet
We came into the office to find Emet and Erkin wiping the windows .
We combed police records of the incident but found no man .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded Marine .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded air force officer .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded artilleryman .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded bluejacket .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded cannoneer .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded commander .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded commando .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded conscript .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded devil dog .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded draftee .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded enlisted person .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded ex-serviceman .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded gunner .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded inductee .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded leatherneck .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded machine gunner .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded man .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded military officer .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded military volunteer .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded navy man .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded noncombatant .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded occupier .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded officer .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded ranger .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded sailor .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded sailor boy .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded shipboard soldier .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded skilled worker .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded skilled workman .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded striper .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded trained worker .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded vet .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded veteran .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded veteran soldier .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded voluntary .
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall , bearded volunteer .
We do all kinds of conditions .
We do all kinds of repairs .
We do all kinds of statuss .
We do all repairs .
We do n't live in countries , we live in our languages . That is your home , there
We do n't live in countries , we live in our languages . That is your home , there and nowhere else .
We drank cappuccinos
We drank cappuccinos and reminisced .
We entered the restaurant
We entered the restaurant and had lunch .
We found him bound
We found him bound and gagged .
We get paid on every month .
We get paid on the third Friday of every Gregorian calendar month .
We get paid on the third Friday of every Hindu calendar month .
We get paid on the third Friday of every Islamic calendar month .
We get paid on the third Friday of every Jewish calendar month .
We get paid on the third Friday of every Revolutionary calendar month .
We get paid on the third Friday of every date .
We get paid on the third Friday of every month .
We get paid on the third Friday of every period .
We get paid on the third Friday of every period of time .
We get paid on the third Friday of every time period .
We got into his car
We got into his car and went to the sea .
We got up early
We got up early and set about cleaning our house .
We had an early lunch
We had an early lunch and set out at 12:30 .
We had no incidents during our trip .
We had no unexpected commotions during our trip .
We had no unexpected disruptions during our trip .
We had no unexpected disturbances during our trip .
We had no unexpected flutters during our trip .
We had no unexpected hoo-hahs during our trip .
We had no unexpected hoo-has during our trip .
We had no unexpected hurly burlies during our trip .
We had no unexpected incidents during our trip .
We had no unexpected kerfuffles during our trip .
We had no unexpected to-does during our trip .
We have considered your proposal ,
We have considered your proposal , and we have decided that we are not able to reduce the price .
We have consumed all natural~resources .
We have consumed all the land resourcess .
We have consumed all the mineral resourcess .
We have consumed all the natural~resources .
We have consumed all the renewable resources .
We have consumed all the resources .
We have got two daughters
We have got two daughters and two sons .
We have no Hobson's choice but to compromise .
We have no afternoons .
We have no assistance .
We have no chance of succes .
We have no chance of winning .
We have no choice but to compromise .
We have no classes on Wednesday afternoons .
We have no classes on Wednesday farewells .
We have no classes on Wednesday greetings .
We have no classes on Wednesday salutations .
We have no classes on Wednesday words of farewell .
We have no clue where he is .
We have no deciding but to compromise .
We have no decision making but to compromise .
We have no default but to compromise .
We have no default option but to compromise .
We have no druther but to compromise .
We have no each~other .
We have no impossibility but to compromise .
We have no impossible action but to compromise .
We have no is .
We have no more brown rice .
We have no more cereal .
We have no more food grain .
We have no more grain .
We have no more paddy .
We have no more polished rice .
We have no more rice .
We have no more starch .
We have no more white rice .
We have no need for accommodation .
We have no need for activity .
We have no need for assistance .
We have no need for boost .
We have no need for comfort .
We have no need for encouragement .
We have no need for facilitation .
We have no need for hand .
We have no need for helping hand .
We have no need for lift .
We have no need for ministration .
We have no need for recourse .
We have no need for refuge .
We have no need for relief .
We have no need for resort .
We have no need for self-help .
We have no need for service .
We have no need for succmy .
We have no need for succor .
We have no need for support .
We have no need for thank .
We have no obverse but to compromise .
We have no opening but to compromise .
We have no possibility but to compromise .
We have no possible action but to compromise .
We have no preference but to compromise .
We have no reason to believe that this is n't just more emotional manipulation . I 've seen this exact thing happen over~and~over~again with other abusers like him in different places .
We have no rice .
We have no secrets from each~other .
We have no soft option but to compromise .
We have no winning .
We have small
We have small and large portions .
We have some business .
We have some unfinished big businesses .
We have some unfinished business .
We have some unfinished sectors .
We have the boots in green , blue
We have the boots in green , blue and yellow .
We have three dogs , one white
We have three dogs , one white and two black .
We have to abolish all A-bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all H-bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all W.M.D.s , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all WMDs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all atom bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all atomic bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all fission bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all fusion bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all hydrogen bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all megaton bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all nuclear~weapons , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all plutonium bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all thermonuclear bombs , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have to abolish all weapons of mass destruction , because they are deadly to mankind .
We have two dogs . One is black
We have two dogs . One is black and the other is white .
We hired a crane to lift the new air conditioner
We hired a crane to lift the new air conditioner and place it on the roof .
We invited a novelist
We invited a novelist and poet to the party .
We invited him
We invited him and , lo and behold , he did n't come .
We just ate sushi
We just ate sushi and drank beer .
We keep three cats , a black one
We keep three cats , a black one and two white ones .
We know each~other , all .
We know each~other , but not all that well .
We know that he was playing like cat
We know that he was playing like cat and mouse .
We learn to read
We learn to read and write .
We love her ,
We love her , and she loves us , too .
We made some cookies .
We made some squirrel-shaped cookies .
We made some squirrel-shaped precision cookies .
We made some squirrel-shaped session cookies .
We made some squirrel-shaped texts .
We made some squirrel-shaped textual matters .
We must prevent the fire from reaching the gunpowder at any cost .
We must prevent the fire from reaching the gunpowder at any death toll .
We must prevent the fire from reaching the gunpowder at any value .
We must respect each of God 's creatures
We must respect each of God 's creatures and respect the environment in which we live .
We need less talk
We need less talk and more action .
We need some chairs .
We need some clues to understand it .
We need some coffee .
We need some collapsible berths .
We need some collapsible billets .
We need some collapsible chairs .
We need some collapsible offices .
We need some collapsible places .
We need some collapsible positions .
We need some collapsible posts .
We need some collapsible situations .
We need some collapsible spots .
We need some evidences to understand it .
We need some firewood .
We need some marks to understand it .
We need some more backlog .
We need some more brand .
We need some more coffee .
We need some more cordwood .
We need some more firebrand .
We need some more firewood .
We need some more fuel .
We need some more pine knot .
We need some more seed .
We need some new airs .
We need some new ideas .
We need some new lines .
We need some new melodic lines .
We need some new melodic phrases .
We need some new melodies .
We need some new motifs .
We need some new motives .
We need some new statements .
We need some new strains .
We need some new tunes .
We need some new variations .
We need some signs to understand it .
We need to buy some dog aliment .
We need to buy some dog alimentation .
We need to buy some dog beverage .
We need to buy some dog chyme .
We need to buy some dog comestible .
We need to buy some dog comfort food .
We need to buy some dog commissariat .
We need to buy some dog culture medium .
We need to buy some dog drink .
We need to buy some dog drinkable .
We need to buy some dog eatable .
We need to buy some dog edible .
We need to buy some dog fare .
We need to buy some dog feed .
We need to buy some dog food .
We need to buy some dog food product .
We need to buy some dog foodstuff .
We need to buy some dog manna .
We need to buy some dog manna from heaven .
We need to buy some dog medium .
We need to buy some dog micronutrient .
We need to buy some dog miraculous food .
We need to buy some dog nourishment .
We need to buy some dog nutriment .
We need to buy some dog nutrition .
We need to buy some dog pabulum .
We need to buy some dog potable .
We need to buy some dog provender .
We need to buy some dog provision .
We need to buy some dog soul food .
We need to buy some dog substance .
We need to buy some dog sustenance .
We need to buy some dog viand .
We need to buy some dog victual .
We need to buy some dog vitellu .
We need to buy some dog water .
We need to buy some dog yolk .
We need to buy some food .
We never had any it .
We never had any problems wapplied scienceh applied science .
We never had any problems wengineering scienceh engineering science .
We never had any problems wengineeringh engineering .
We never had any problems with it .
We never had any problems wtechnologyh technology .
We ordered some abroad .
We ordered some new books from abroad .
We plan to invite both Mary .
We plan to invite both Tom
We plan to invite both Tom and Mary .
We plan to invite both Tom and adult female .
We plan to invite both Tom and female child .
We plan to invite both Tom and female offspring .
We plan to invite both Tom and foster sister .
We plan to invite both Tom and foster-sister .
We plan to invite both Tom and girl .
We plan to invite both Tom and girl wonder .
We plan to invite both Tom and individual .
We plan to invite both Tom and little girl .
We plan to invite both Tom and mortal .
We plan to invite both Tom and person .
We plan to invite both Tom and somebody .
We plan to invite both Tom and someone .
We plan to invite both Tom and soul .
We plan to invite both Tom and woman .
We saw some distance .
We saw some houses in the distance .
We saw some houses in the point .
We saw some houses in the point in time .
We saw the film
We saw the film and had dinner together .
We see each~other at the supermarket now
We see each~other at the supermarket now and then .
We should have phoned ahead
We should have phoned ahead and reserved a table .
We should save some cake for Tom .
We should save some dish for Tom .
We should save some fish ball for Tom .
We should save some fish cake for Tom .
We showed him some pictures of London .
We showed him somewhere .
We still have to turn the hay
We still have to turn the hay and chop wood .
We stood at the door
We stood at the door and waited .
We talked about poetry
We talked about poetry and literature .
We talked for some case .
We talked for some example .
We talked for some instance .
We talked for some time .
We think too much
We think too much and feel too little .
We toured all cities .
We toured all the major cities .
We toured all the major municipalities .
We toured all the major national capitals .
We toured all the major provincial capitals .
We toured all the major state capitals .
We use chopsticks in place of knives
We use chopsticks in place of knives and forks .
We want Tom to play a song
We want Tom to play a song or two for us on his banjo .
We went together to Laramie ,
We went together to Laramie , and there we parted .
We were in the neighborhood
We were in the neighborhood and thought we 'd drop by .
We were reading a book
We were reading a book and it was a very good one .
We were sitting peacefully at dinner , when all lights went out .
We were sitting peacefully at dinner , when all of a sudden the lights went out .
We will be able to raise cows
We will be able to raise cows and sheep , too .
We would now like to have some flashlights .
We would now like to have some sample electric lamps .
We would now like to have some sample flashlights .
We would now like to have some sample penlights .
Well , there 's no such thing as being too late to correct one 's clefts .
Well , there 's no such thing as being too late to correct one 's cracks .
Well , there 's no such thing as being too late to correct one 's crevices .
Well , there 's no such thing as being too late to correct one 's faults .
Well , there 's no such thing as being too late to correct one 's fissures .
Well , there 's no such thing as being too late to correct one 's inclined faults .
Well , there 's no such thing as being too late to correct one 's scissures .
Well , there 's no such thing as being too late to correct one 's strike-slip faults .
When I got out of prison , my ex wife
When I got out of prison , my ex wife and I got remarried .
When I met the President , all dreams came true .
When I met the President , all my dreams came true .
When I opened my eyes again , all of a sudden an unknown lady was standing right in front of me .
When I opened my eyes again , all sudden an unknown lady was standing right in front of me .
When I saw all resignation .
When I saw all that , I could only shake my head in silent abdication .
When I saw all that , I could only shake my head in silent document .
When I saw all that , I could only shake my head in silent paper .
When I saw all that , I could only shake my head in silent resignation .
When I saw all that , I could only shake my head in silent stepping down .
When I saw all that , I could only shake my head in silent written document .
When I started school I had a teacher who took a sympathetic
When I started school I had a teacher who took a sympathetic and open minded approach .
When I tried to set the glass down in the sink my hand slipped
When I tried to set the glass down in the sink my hand slipped and it shattered to pieces .
When I try to listen to music with media player there 's an error
When I try to listen to music with media player there 's an error and I ca n't play the file .
When I was a child , I spent most indoors reading .
When I was a child , I spent most of my time indoors reading .
When I was inside my mother 's womb , I looked through my mother 's navel at the house where I would be born
When I was inside my mother 's womb , I looked through my mother 's navel at the house where I would be born and I thought : " No way I 'm going there " .
When I was your age , I bicycled to
When I was your age , I bicycled to and from school every day .
When Tom told Mary to feel right at home , he was secretly hoping that she 'd go
When Tom told Mary to feel right at home , he was secretly hoping that she 'd go and wash up the dishes in the kitchen .
When Tom went to have breakfast , he found that all bread had gone mouldy .
When Tom went to have breakfast , he found that all the bread had gone mouldy .
When a woman is murdered , the husband
When a woman is murdered , the husband or boyfriend is always the number one suspect .
When all was said
When all was said and done , the world was not destroyed on December 21 , 2012 .
When he saw that there was nothing more to see , he took his bike
When he saw that there was nothing more to see , he took his bike and rode home .
When making a cake , you must use eggs , butter
When making a cake , you must use eggs , butter and sugar .
When we are told not to come , we become all go .
When we are told not to come , we become all the more eager to board game .
When we are told not to come , we become all the more eager to go .
While Francesca was running in the park yesterday , she fell
While Francesca was running in the park yesterday , she fell and she broke her arm . Yesterday evening her friends phoned her .
While most ectopic pregnancies occur in the Fallopian tube , it is also possible for them to occur in the ovaries , abdomen ,
While most ectopic pregnancies occur in the Fallopian tube , it is also possible for them to occur in the ovaries , abdomen , or cervix .
While the car driver obtains an approximate view of a blooming meadow the city cyclist notices the different colors
While the car driver obtains an approximate view of a blooming meadow the city cyclist notices the different colors and scents of the blossoms , the smell of freshly mown grass , the swoosh of leaves of a chestnut~tree , the sunlight twinkling through trees shimmering green in springtime .
While we were speaking , Angela interrupted us
While we were speaking , Angela interrupted us and she asked us to help her .
Winter is over
Winter is over and spring has come .
With a diameter of 5,230 kilometers , Ganymede is the largest satellite in the solar system - bigger than Mercury
With a diameter of 5,230 kilometers , Ganymede is the largest satellite in the solar system - bigger than Mercury and about three-fourths the size of Mars .
With all due attitude , I think they both had valid points .
With all due estimate , I think they both had valid points .
With all due estimation , I think they both had valid points .
With all due mental attitude , I think they both had valid points .
With all due respect , I think they both had valid points .
With all his big buck , he is not happy .
With all his big money , he is not happy .
With all his bundle , he is not happy .
With all his megabuck , he is not happy .
With all his money , he is not happy .
With all his pile , he is not happy .
With all his wealth , he is not happy .
With all money , he is not happy .
With all respect , I think they both had valid points .
With every broken vow , you bring our ideal closer to destruction .
With every vow , you bring our ideal closer to destruction .
With one blow of the axe , he killed the calf ,
With one blow of the axe , he killed the calf , and with the second split its brain .
With such friends , one needs no challengers .
With such friends , one needs no competitions .
With such friends , one needs no competitors .
With such friends , one needs no contenders .
With such friends , one needs no enemies .
With such friends , one needs no mortal enemies .
With such friends , one needs no rivals .
With the development of supersonic jet~planes , the world is becoming smaller
With the development of supersonic jet~planes , the world is becoming smaller and smaller .
With the heirless king going crazy
With the heirless king going crazy and royal family poisoned , the general of the army finally had his chance to usurp the throne .
With the help of loanwords
With the help of loanwords and Esperanto word elements you can create many new words which may not exist in the source language .
With verbs there are intransitive verbs that do n't take an object ,
With verbs there are intransitive verbs that do n't take an object , and transitive verbs that do take an object .
Without a doubt the rodent best adapted to living in rivers
Without a doubt the rodent best adapted to living in rivers and marshlands is the beaver .
Without air
Without air and water , we would not be able to live .
Without science , there is no commodity .
Without science , there is no future .
Without science , there is no good .
Without science , there is no oil future .
Without science , there is no petroleum future .
Without science , there is no soybean future .
Without science , there is no trade good .
Without science , there is no wheat future .
Without the sun there is no afterlife !
Without the sun there is no hereafter !
Without the sun there is no life !
Without the sun there is no period !
Without the sun there is no period of time !
Without the sun there is no time period !
Without your help I would have had no big times .
Without your help I would have had no pay dirts .
Without your help I would have had no prosperities .
Without your help I would have had no success .
Without your help I would have had no successfulnesses .
Women inspire us to do great things -
Women inspire us to do great things - and then stop us from doing them .
Women with mothers
Women with mothers or sisters who have endometriosis are at elevated risk of developing the condition themselves .
Won is used in both North~Korea
Won is used in both North~Korea and South~Korea . Its symbol is " ₩ " .
Work is not only important for economic benefits , the salary , but also for social
Work is not only important for economic benefits , the salary , but also for social and psychological needs , the feeling of doing something for the good of society .
Worse things have happened to both of alphabetic characters .
Worse things have happened to both of letters .
Worse things have happened to both of letters of the alphabet .
Worse things have happened to both of us .
Worse things have happened to both us .
Yesterday was Friday
Yesterday was Friday and the day after tomorrow is Monday .
Yet Japan is still not sufficiently understood by other countries ,
Yet Japan is still not sufficiently understood by other countries , and the Japanese , likewise , find foreigners difficult to understand .
Yoko bought some of them .
Yoko bought some them .
You 'd better hurry ,
You 'd better hurry , or you 'll miss the train .
You 'll see two buildings right opposite the museum ,
You 'll see two buildings right opposite the museum , and the restaurant is in the taller of the two .
You 're comparing apples
You 're comparing apples and oranges !
You 're going to be in trouble
You 're going to be in trouble and it 's my fault .
You 're having a gastroscopy at nine~o'clock tomorrow morning , so please do n't have any solid food
You 're having a gastroscopy at nine~o'clock tomorrow morning , so please do n't have any solid food or liquids from nine~o'clock nowaday .
You 're having a gastroscopy at nine~o'clock tomorrow morning , so please do n't have any solid food or liquids from nine~o'clock present .
You 're having a gastroscopy at nine~o'clock tomorrow morning , so please do n't have any solid food or liquids from nine~o'clock tonight .
You 're just jealous that I have a boyfriend
You 're just jealous that I have a boyfriend and you do n't .
You 're lying
You 're lying and you 're not very good at it .
You 're not big enough yet to drink a whole bottle of wine by yourself . First you have to grow up
You 're not big enough yet to drink a whole bottle of wine by yourself . First you have to grow up and get bigger .
You 're weird . I have n't helped you at all yet
You 're weird . I have n't helped you at all yet and you 're calling me a " genius " .
You 've blocked me on Facebook ,
You 've blocked me on Facebook , and now you suddenly disappear .
You 've got my computer
You 've got my computer and I want it back .
You 've got my sunglasses
You 've got my sunglasses and I want them back .
You are both pretty
You are both pretty and kind .
You are difficult
You are difficult and incorrigible .
You are free to go
You are free to go or stay .
You are free to go or to stay .
You are going to the phone
You are going to the phone and calling the doctor !
You are living a dream ,
You are living a dream , and the dream is about to end .
You blocked me on Facebook ,
You blocked me on Facebook , and now you 're going to die .
You ca n't have your cake
You ca n't have your cake and eat it too .
You ca n't let that come between you
You ca n't let that come between you and Tom .
You ca n't sing
You ca n't sing and dance on Good Friday .
You can buy stamps at any arm .
You can buy stamps at any branch .
You can buy stamps at any post~office .
You can buy stamps at any subdivision .
You can come in if
You can come in if and only if you know our password .
You can not mix oil
You can not mix oil and water .
You can read any book that interests you .
You can read any you .
You can search sentences containing a certain word
You can search sentences containing a certain word and get translations for these sentences .
You can see some forest .
You can see some wild rabbits in the bosk .
You can see some wild rabbits in the botany .
You can see some wild rabbits in the flora .
You can see some wild rabbits in the forest .
You can see some wild rabbits in the grove .
You can see some wild rabbits in the jungle .
You can see some wild rabbits in the old growth .
You can see some wild rabbits in the rain forest .
You can see some wild rabbits in the rainforest .
You can see some wild rabbits in the second growth .
You can see some wild rabbits in the vegetation .
You can see some wild rabbits in the virgin forest .
You can win all battles yet lose the war .
You can win all the Armageddons yet lose the war .
You can win all the actions yet lose the war .
You can win all the armed combats yet lose the war .
You can win all the assaults yet lose the war .
You can win all the battles yet lose the war .
You can win all the combats yet lose the war .
You can win all the dogfights yet lose the war .
You can win all the military actions yet lose the war .
You can win all the naval battles yet lose the war .
You can win all the pitched battles yet lose the war .
You could n't get two people more different than Tom
You could n't get two people more different than Tom and Mary .
You could tell Tom was unconscious as he fell because he made no effort to break his fall .
You could tell Tom was unconscious as he fell because he made no effort to break his takedown .
You could tell Tom was unconscious as he fell because he made no effort to break his triumph .
You could tell Tom was unconscious as he fell because he made no effort to break his victory .
You could tell Tom was unconscious as he fell because he made no fall .
You definitely ca n't compare Marseilles
You definitely ca n't compare Marseilles and Lyons .
You do n't just go to the cinema to watch films . Rather , you go to the cinema in order to laugh
You do n't just go to the cinema to watch films . Rather , you go to the cinema in order to laugh and cry together with two~hundred people .
You do not use the words " China "
You do not use the words " China " and copyright " in the same sentence . You just do n't .
You guys are no diversion .
You guys are no fun .
You guys are no recreation .
You had better go
You had better go and speak to him in person .
You had better go and thank her in person .
You had better learn either English
You had better learn either English or French .
You had no right to do that .
You had no that .
You have Halloween
You have Halloween and Thanksgiving Day .
You have absolutely no reason to feel offended .
You have been missing all these anomalistic years .
You have been missing all these astronomical years .
You have been missing all these equinoctial years .
You have been missing all these lunar years .
You have been missing all these periods .
You have been missing all these periods of time .
You have been missing all these sidereal years .
You have been missing all these solar years .
You have been missing all these time periods .
You have been missing all these tropical years .
You have been missing all these years .
You have been missing all years .
You have made all my dreams come alignment .
You have made all my dreams come true .
You have made all true .
You have no ashamed .
You have no at~all .
You have no box .
You have no driving appalling .
You have no driving augury .
You have no driving blast .
You have no driving experience .
You have no driving flash .
You have no driving flashing .
You have no driving foretoken .
You have no driving good time .
You have no driving happening .
You have no driving head trip .
You have no driving los .
You have no driving natural event .
You have no driving near-death experience .
You have no driving occurrence .
You have no driving occurrent .
You have no driving ordeal .
You have no driving out-of-body experience .
You have no driving preindication .
You have no driving sign .
You have no driving taste .
You have no driving time .
You have no driving trip .
You have no driving vision .
You have no experience .
You have no letters .
You have no messages .
You have no need to be ashamed .
You have no new acknowledgements .
You have no new acknowledgments .
You have no new approvals .
You have no new asides .
You have no new bodies .
You have no new bunks .
You have no new commendations .
You have no new commitments .
You have no new communications .
You have no new corkers .
You have no new counselings .
You have no new counsellings .
You have no new counsels .
You have no new dedications .
You have no new digressions .
You have no new directions .
You have no new disapprovals .
You have no new discourtesies .
You have no new disrespects .
You have no new divagations .
You have no new drivels .
You have no new entries .
You have no new excursuss .
You have no new garbage .
You have no new guidances .
You have no new hokums .
You have no new humors .
You have no new humours .
You have no new imports .
You have no new infoes .
You have no new information .
You have no new insertions .
You have no new instructions .
You have no new interpolations .
You have no new latent contents .
You have no new meaninglessnesses .
You have no new meanings .
You have no new memorials .
You have no new messages .
You have no new narrations .
You have no new narratives .
You have no new nonsenses .
You have no new nonsensicalities .
You have no new offerings .
You have no new offers .
You have no new opinions .
You have no new packagings .
You have no new parentheses .
You have no new petitions .
You have no new postulations .
You have no new promotional materials .
You have no new promotions .
You have no new proposals .
You have no new publicities .
You have no new refusals .
You have no new reminders .
You have no new requests .
You have no new respectss .
You have no new sensationalisms .
You have no new shockers .
You have no new significances .
You have no new significations .
You have no new statements .
You have no new stories .
You have no new subjects .
You have no new submissions .
You have no new tales .
You have no new themes .
You have no new topics .
You have no new views .
You have no new wits .
You have no new witticisms .
You have no new wittinesses .
You have no offended .
You have no reply to As .
You have no reply to Bs .
You have no reply to Cs .
You have no reply to Ds .
You have no reply to Es .
You have no reply to Fs .
You have no reply to Gs .
You have no reply to Hs .
You have no reply to Js .
You have no reply to Ks .
You have no reply to Ls .
You have no reply to Ms .
You have no reply to Ns .
You have no reply to Os .
You have no reply to Ps .
You have no reply to Qs .
You have no reply to Rs .
You have no reply to Ss .
You have no reply to Ts .
You have no reply to Us .
You have no reply to Vs .
You have no reply to Ws .
You have no reply to Xs .
You have no reply to Ys .
You have no reply to Zs .
You have no reply to alephs .
You have no reply to alphas .
You have no reply to ascenders .
You have no reply to ayins .
You have no reply to betas .
You have no reply to beths .
You have no reply to block capitals .
You have no reply to block letters .
You have no reply to bs .
You have no reply to characters .
You have no reply to chis .
You have no reply to consonants .
You have no reply to cs .
You have no reply to daleths .
You have no reply to deltas .
You have no reply to descenders .
You have no reply to digrams .
You have no reply to digraphs .
You have no reply to dousble-us .
You have no reply to ds .
You have no reply to epsilons .
You have no reply to es .
You have no reply to etas .
You have no reply to exes .
You have no reply to ezeds .
You have no reply to fs .
You have no reply to gammas .
You have no reply to gimels .
You have no reply to graphemes .
You have no reply to graphic symbols .
You have no reply to gs .
You have no reply to heths .
You have no reply to hs .
You have no reply to ies .
You have no reply to initials .
You have no reply to iotas .
You have no reply to is .
You have no reply to izzards .
You have no reply to js .
You have no reply to kaphs .
You have no reply to kappas .
You have no reply to khis .
You have no reply to ks .
You have no reply to lambdas .
You have no reply to lamedhs .
You have no reply to letters .
You have no reply to ls .
You have no reply to mems .
You have no reply to ms .
You have no reply to mus .
You have no reply to ns .
You have no reply to nuns .
You have no reply to nus .
You have no reply to oes .
You have no reply to omegas .
You have no reply to omicrons .
You have no reply to pes .
You have no reply to phis .
You have no reply to pis .
You have no reply to polyphones .
You have no reply to polyphonic letters .
You have no reply to ps .
You have no reply to psis .
You have no reply to qophs .
You have no reply to qs .
You have no reply to reshes .
You have no reply to rhoes .
You have no reply to rs .
You have no reply to sadhes .
You have no reply to samekhs .
You have no reply to shins .
You have no reply to sigmas .
You have no reply to sins .
You have no reply to some .
You have no reply to ss .
You have no reply to taus .
You have no reply to taws .
You have no reply to teths .
You have no reply to thetas .
You have no reply to they .
You have no reply to ts .
You have no reply to upsilons .
You have no reply to us .
You have no reply to vowels .
You have no reply to vs .
You have no reply to waws .
You have no reply to we .
You have no reply to ws .
You have no reply to wyes .
You have no reply to xes .
You have no reply to xis .
You have no reply to yodhs .
You have no reply to zayins .
You have no reply to zeds .
You have no reply to zees .
You have no reply to zetas .
You have no reply to zs .
You have no right to go location .
You have no right to go there .
You have no right to open this box .
You have no right to open this containerful .
You have no sense of organization at~all .
You have no there .
You have provided me with some very useful admonition .
You have provided me with some very useful advice .
You have provided me with some very useful indication .
You have provided me with some very useful monition .
You have provided me with some very useful proposal .
You have provided me with some very useful recommendation .
You have provided me with some very useful warning .
You have provided me with some very useful word of advice .
You have the choice of soup
You have the choice of soup or salad .
You have to drink
You have to drink and eat in order to stay alive .
You know Tom better than any of alphabetic characters .
You know Tom better than any of letters .
You know Tom better than any of letters of the alphabet .
You know Tom better than any of us .
You know any us .
You know as well as I do that we have no chance of surviving .
You know as well as I do that we have no surviving .
You know me inside
You know me inside and out .
You know the phrase , we harvest , that which we sow . I have sown the wind
You know the phrase , we harvest , that which we sow . I have sown the wind and this is my storm .
You know times have changed when rivals like Hitachi
You know times have changed when rivals like Hitachi and NEC get together .
You look tired . You ought to rest for an hour
You look tired . You ought to rest for an hour or two .
You may do every body of water but critizise me .
You may do every building block but critizise me .
You may do every content but critizise me .
You may do every depicted object but critizise me .
You may do every essential but critizise me .
You may do every inessential but critizise me .
You may do every necessary but critizise me .
You may do every necessity but critizise me .
You may do every nonessential but critizise me .
You may do every part but critizise me .
You may do every physical entity but critizise me .
You may do every piece but critizise me .
You may do every requirement but critizise me .
You may do every requisite but critizise me .
You may do every reservoir but critizise me .
You may do every source but critizise me .
You may do every subject but critizise me .
You may do every thing but critizise me .
You may do every unit but critizise me .
You may do every variable but critizise me .
You may do every water but critizise me .
You might want to save some cake for Tom .
You might want to save some dish for Tom .
You might want to save some fish ball for Tom .
You might want to save some fish cake for Tom .
You must be able to speak either English
You must be able to speak either English or Spanish in this company .
You must kneel at my feet , kiss my hand
You must kneel at my feet , kiss my hand and swear that I am an angel .
You must pay attention to every detail from now on .
You must pay attention to every minute component from now on .
You must pay attention to every minute component part from now on .
You must pay attention to every minute constituent from now on .
You must pay attention to every minute detail from now on .
You must pay attention to every minute high spot from now on .
You must pay attention to every minute highlight from now on .
You must pay attention to every minute part from now on .
You must pay attention to every minute portion from now on .
You need some more cognition .
You need some more convention .
You need some more custom .
You need some more formula .
You need some more heritage .
You need some more knowledge .
You need some more noesi .
You need some more normal .
You need some more pattern .
You need some more practice .
You need some more rule .
You need some more tradition .
You need some practice .
You need to look in all addresses before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all contents before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all destinations before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all directions before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all formulae before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all markups before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all messages before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all misdirections before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all name and addresses before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all prescriptions before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all prescripts before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all recipes before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all rubrics before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all rules before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all stage directions before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all styles before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all subject matters before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all substances before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You need to look in all system commands before crossing the street , even at a crosswalk when the light is green .
You ought to get into the habit of brushing your teeth after every meal .
You ought to get into the habit of brushing your teeth after every occasion .
You people are no at~all .
You people are no fun at~all .
You said she was kind
You said she was kind and so she is .
You scratch my back
You scratch my back and I 'll scratch yours .
You see in this world there are only scoundrels
You see in this world there are only scoundrels and hypocrites .
You should 've tried some of Tom 's homemade pie .
You should 've tried someone 's homemade pie .
You should ask your father for his advice
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it .
You should avoid adding sentences in a language other than your own , because unless you write in your mother tongue
You should avoid adding sentences in a language other than your own , because unless you write in your mother tongue or dialect , you are prone to make many mistakes .
You should go to the dentist
You should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out .
You should plan to leave between 6:00
You should plan to leave between 6:00 and 7:00 .
You spilled some condiment on your tie .
You spilled some ketchup on your tie .
You stole my bike ,
You stole my bike , and now I 'm going to break your face .
You take a drink , then you elbow to the buffet
You take a drink , then you elbow to the buffet and eat like a pig !
You will see that everything has become very beautiful
You will see that everything has become very beautiful and you will be able to present something really impressive to the guests .
You worry about helping Tom
You worry about helping Tom and let me worry about Mary .
You wrote a splendid text . There is no doubt that you have the heart of a poet
You wrote a splendid text . There is no doubt that you have the heart of a poet and a great talent .
You young people have no at~all .
You young people have no sense of humor at~all .
Your brother 's soccer team won the game
Your brother 's soccer team won the game and is celebrating right now .
Your conduct allows of no defence .
Your conduct allows of no defense .
Your conduct allows of no excuse .
Your conduct allows of no extenuation .
Your conduct allows of no mitigation .
Your conduct allows of no vindication .
Your garden needs some attention .
Your garden needs some attentivenes .
Your garden needs some basic cognitive proces .
Your garden needs some clock-watching .
Your garden needs some ear .
Your garden needs some eye .
Your garden needs some heed .
Your garden needs some notice .
Your garden needs some observance .
Your garden needs some observation .
Your garden needs some paying attention .
Your garden needs some regard .
Your home is where someone thinks of you
Your home is where someone thinks of you and likes you .
Your husband 's dead
Your husband 's dead and sends his love .
Your time is limited , so do n't waste it living someone else 's life . Do n't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people 's thinking . Do n't let the noise of other 's opinions drown out your own inner voice . And most important , have the courage to follow your heart
Your time is limited , so do n't waste it living someone else 's life . Do n't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people 's thinking . Do n't let the noise of other 's opinions drown out your own inner voice . And most important , have the courage to follow your heart and intuition .
Zapatero visited the following cities in four days : Brasilia , São~Paulo , Buenos~Aires
Zapatero visited the following cities in four days : Brasilia , São~Paulo , Buenos~Aires and Santiago~de~Chile . According to official sources these visits are the last part of the project he began at the EU-Latin~American Summit in Guadalajara , Mexico and pursued in the Ibero-American meeting in Costa~Rica in November .
Zhao was removed from his position as secretary general of the Communist Party~of China
Zhao was removed from his position as secretary general of the Communist Party~of China and placed under house arrest in 1989 after denouncing the use of force against student protesters in Tiananmen~Square .
all , went .
all accusations are without foundation . She 's innocent and we 're going to prove it .
all all had the smoked salmon .
all ate was bananas .
all balls are yellow .
all books are mine .
all boys were dancing .
all browsers are safe .
all cakes are delicious !
all charges have been deactivated .
all critics praised the new movie .
all do is follow his advice .
all do is swim .
all do is trust each~other .
all does nowadays is swim .
all dogs are alive .
all dogs were alive .
all endeavors proved unsuccessful .
all exams are now behind us .
all existed are alive today .
all friends believed him happy .
all friends go to public schools .
all friends have bicycles .
all friends live in England .
all furniture was covered with dust .
all garage belong to Tom .
all garden are yellow .
all goods were recovered .
all have is a book .
all have is books .
all here have left .
all hopes have vanished .
all kids were dancing .
all members are volunteers .
all men are dead and I am not feeling too well myself .
all need is a few more volunteers .
all need is water .
all now is sleep .
all pains are nothing compared to yours .
all passengers got seasick during the storm .
all present were wearing tuxedos .
all prisoners were found guilty .
all rabbits were eaten by the hungry wolves .
all secrets have been revealed .
all sky became dark and it started to rain .
all students are present .
all students clapped their hands .
all students forgot to read that book .
all students shouted with joy .
all students study English .
all sudden , I saw a hare running across the field .
all sudden , we heard the sharp cry of a cat .
all takes is concentration and solitude .
all teachers were young and loved teaching .
all there was an explosion .
all tree have turned yellow .
all tree turned yellow .
all villagers know him .
all workers objected to working at night .
all yesterday was one apple .
both Mary blushed .
both both are siblings .
both both want you to be happy .
both boys shouted out .
both daughters are very beautiful .
both girls are wearing white suits .
both opossums are marsupial animals .
both sisters are beautiful .
both sisters are married .
both sisters are not married .
both women won the tennis championship .
each boys got a prize .
each boys won a prize .
each car threw up a cloud of dust .
each fact took a long time .
each girls got a prize .
each kids got a prize .
each team has his own bat .
every Jim came .
every Tom laughed .
every Tom smiled .
every anybody was there .
every boy needs a hero .
every club was present .
every day is Sunday .
every desk belongs to me .
every here calls me Tom .
every here is rich .
every island has been explored .
every picture is smiling happily .
every program has at~least one bug .
every street was blue except ours .
every street was surprised .
every student went there yesterday .
every village called her Little~Green~Riding~Hood .
every village knew him .
most employees are young .
most farmers had large families .
most jungle is still wild .
most leaves have fallen .
most suspects have been arrested .
neither greatness make us happy .
no . Come again soon .
no class is prettier than Linda .
no comment offered itself to Tom .
no fool would believe it .
no king admires the king .
several reports were missing .
some art is difficult to understand .
some art is recovered through offered rewards .
some balls are yellow .
some city are very ugly .
some dogs are alive .
some dolls are too expensive to buy .
some farmers has gotten a lot easier since the introduction of robots to milk the cows .
some films are very difficult to understand .
some garden are white , and others are red .
some information is very important .
some luggage has not arrived yet .
some money was stolen .
some territories have almost no people .
someone are already here .
someone are busy right now .
someone are from Boston .
someone are my friends .
someone are teachers .
someone can swim .
someone has heard of it .
someone is already here .
someone is divided into three parts .
someone is wearing a hat .
someone looked tired .
someone was wearing a tie .
someone went to the party .
someone were absent from school .
someone were absent today .
someone were born in Boston .
someone were disappointed .
someone were impressed .
someone were screaming .
someone were surprised .
something are from Poland .
something have grave debts .
somewhere is Russian .
somewhere is higher than Mt.~Fuji .
